Lay off from the job
i was talking with another my partner have seen that incident
my kids wont listen to me
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
I just feel really depressed all the time, I feel like my life has no meaning
I have this certification program I took about two years ago that allowed me to be marketable out there and it's about to expire. I'm currently under pressure to retake the certification and I'm not quite ready. I will loose my license if I don't , time is running out and I currently feel lost in the predicament I have found myself.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
Since the pandemic started my once strong friendships have become weak. we barely talk. Even my daughters God mother is not as present. I am unsure how to fortified those connections.
Just can't shake my sadness
when i lost my job and i was at home for long time due to no job i felt very shame on me and eat lot and gained much weight so i felt so lonely and no job no body structure no boy friend .i am literally nothing
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
I am very depressed and despondent because my boyfriend broke up with me and it was right before the wedding. I am close to his family but they won't speak to me know. I am lost without him.
My boyfriend broke up with me in a facebook story. He won't tell me why. He won't return my calls or answer my messages. I think it is because I posted something (innocent) that made him jealous. But he is being so cruel. He posts many sad songs to make it seem like he is so hurt by me, but he won't even speak with me. I can't eat or sleep. I'm losing my mind.
Basically the loneliness of the season and being forced to seclude because of the virus.
I was going to marry my girlfriend but she broke up with me a prior to proposing for an unknown reason.
My pet died last week and I also failed my exam
I have always been an honors student but with virtual school, I'm falling so far behind and I'm not sure when school will ever go back to normal.
My manager does not respect COVID guidelines or protect my safety.
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
My friends left me after fighting amongst themselves.
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
I have to find a higher paying job but it has been a while since I worked full time.
My friend has started to get into political conversations on Facebook and I think he is embarrassing himself. He's spouting all these talking points without ever showing any interest in them before!
Work at restaurant as assistant manager. Manager got fired and company asked me to take over position without a pay raise then skipped the promotion and hired a new manager.
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
I don't have enough money to buy my kids christmas gifts.
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
what ever i study, i am not able to remember the contents which is necessary for my academic tests
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
My mother recently passed, a month ago due to being an alcoholic for many years.
I am depressed because my girlfriend is thinking about leaving me.
I am very anxious about loved ones with COVID right now and finances this close to the Holidays
my friend stud me up for a weekend trip cost was then all on me and she has been badmouthing me ever since. Saying I am the bad person because of a voicemail left her
I have a friend who is mad at me because I told her to pull up her mask while she was talking to me. She became very offended and actually started yelling at me as to how I am healthy and will live through Corona if I caught it. I reminded her about my family and other people but she is stubborn. She is just now starting to believe Corona is real.
I have no job
i cant do well in school and they mock me
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
My mother told me that she hurt her knee and can not work.
I am depressed about Covid and being restricted from going places.
effects of the pandemic
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
Me and my best friend are drifting apart. She never seems to want to hang out anymore.
I have dealt with depression around this time of the year since i was 17. I am now 37. My cousin got killed in a car accident on Dec 29th at the age of 14. Then 18 years later on Jan 3rd I lost my boyfriend in a car accident. I struggle around the holidays even worse now than I did before.
Trying to complete my senior year
Feeling depressed and doesn't feel doing like anything.
I have a final exam coming up and I am really worried about how I will perform.
effects of the pandemic
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
I am just starting school & i feel like i not smart enough to graduate
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
I failed my Finals and now I am on academic probation. I am afraid I will be expelled.
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
I can not hang out with my friends due to COVID-19. I miss them a lot but they are high risk.
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
No money to celebrate christiamass
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
turned in ex gf to cps for giving her kids drugs.
i keep feeling as though i'm not doing well. i have a job but i don't seem to be very good at it and i don't want to lose it. i am fearful that i will
My son has bipolar disorder and he is only 9. He has delusions and has lost his mind for a month now. He is in the hospital and I am terrified he won't get it back. He has delusions and I'm worried.
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
I've been feeling low for the last few months, and have been finding it hard to sleep at night.
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
My girlfriend broke up with me and now I have no motivation and I am depressed most of the time.
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
My friend thinks I put her second ever since I had children and she no longer wants to continue our 13 year friendship
I recently had a baby and iam facing postpartum depression
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
no money and cant find work
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
I had a situation which is actually forced me to break up with my partner. It gives me pain. However I strongly believed that my partner would feel about this. But he just took it easy. This hurts me a lot.
I've been studying very hard for this class, but I have been performing very poorly. This is the first time I have done this bad and I just feel so incompetent. Nothing I do seems to work.
my boyfriend left me out of the blue. he is not responding anything clearly. he is avoiding me now.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
I have recently been diagnosed with cancer. I am currently undergoing chemo. The whole situation has caused my anxiety and depression to be so much worse.
I keep having dreams that I've forgotten to go to one of my classes and I won't graduate on time.
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
I’m feeling anxious about the pandemic and current economic conditions.
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
girlfriend broke my heart
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
In my youthful exuberance for entertainment, I had ditched study plans with my high school friend while we were in college to go play video games with some of my new college friends. After this event, I lost my high school friends
Jobs are competitive
My best friend has been very demanding, and I'm very upset.
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
My pet died last week and I also failed my exam
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
I live with four friends/ housemates. I like them, but at the same time we are stuck together every day 24/7. Small things add up; I am getting increasingly annoyed by their behaviors and their inconsideration for others.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
I lost my job Due to COVID-19 , I really work hard for the company for past five years but they just through out from the company.
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
My husband and I are having a very difficult tine both working remotely during the corona virus and having two kids with us all day who are learning online. We are being interrupted daily and they tend to come to my office more-so than my husbands. He seems to think I can deal with this better and more efficiently but my work is just as important as his. We both make about the same income.
ongoing depression every day . It s hard to even get out of bed
I learned that my friend's husband was shot and killed over a drug deal. He was high at the time. My daughter carpools with his daughter every day and he was often the driver. Was he high when he was driving her around? I don't know how to act around my friend. Did she know?
I have recently broke up with my girlfriend which has caused me great sadness
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
I failed my Finals and now I am on academic probation. I am afraid I will be expelled.
I have dealt with depression around this time of the year since i was 17. I am now 37. My cousin got killed in a car accident on Dec 29th at the age of 14. Then 18 years later on Jan 3rd I lost my boyfriend in a car accident. I struggle around the holidays even worse now than I did before.
Parents pressuring me to do well in studies
My friends just not having my back and just not pulling their weight when it comes to paying for stuff. For example, they expect me to pay for everything when we go out to dinner or even go to the bar. Any type of activity they will be
Iam facing a lot of academic pressure to coplete the degree on time..
I have to give up my parrot because I am now blind and have to move. I cant take teh parrot with me.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I am having a very hard time finding a job due to covid.
I've been so blessed to have such a great job but thanks to Corona, my works has come to a screeching halt. I'm so anxious because I don't know when my next check will be or for how much. The pressure and stress is almost too much.
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
i talk with my friendship
My manager does not respect COVID guidelines or protect my safety.
There is an event that happened about 5 years ago that I think started this emotion for me.It is ongoing and has affected all parts of my life.
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
School has been putting a lot of pressure on me recently. Especially with finals going on.
Why do I always get the worst teachers? It makes school so hard in general.
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
I'm so sad all the time.
Every night I try to go to sleep and I am actually tired but once in bed I cannot stop thinking about tons of things and I cannot fell asleep.
Not sure how to explain that I want out of marriage
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
Parents pressuring me to do well in studies
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
I have finals coming up and I am afraid I an not smart enough to pass
My girlfriend of ten years run away on our wedding day
I have suffered from depression for twenty years and despair of every getting any better.
I keep putting of my work because I'm afraid i'll fail at it. I just need to process the data, but I don't know why I keep putting it off. I feel angry at myself
I have been feeling like my friends don't like me and it's making me feel bad.
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
My job terminated a lot of people recently and I am afraid that they will do that again and I may lose my job if that happens
i have depression because recently i lost my job
My boyfriend left me after I confronted him about cheating on me. He admitted to cheating and was happy I knew. Then he told me he had been trying to figure out how to leave me and I now made it easy for him.
staying at home with kids and stopping outside work
I love my parents but they want me to pursue business major while I am doing a psychology major to be Physician Assistant one day. They feel I am letting them down but in reality I want to be in the medicine field. I do not know what to do
I am in a crisis over my employer not having enough money to pay me. It is really causing me to be fearful.
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
effects of the pandemic
I miss seeing my friends in person and I havent heard from them in a while
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
I have a horrible professor that has not adapted to technology well for COVID. There is one week left and he just assigned a major lab to do at home out of nowhere.He's also horrible at communicating.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
My friend decided to leave her husband to pursue a woman and I don't support her.
I am upset with my best friend over the results of the election. We generally agree not to discuss politics, but the controversy over Biden's win over Trump has us split. I am angry that she keeps bringing it up.
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
I just feel like every one hates me and no one really wants to be my friend. It feels like when someone is nice to me they are just doing it as a favor and they don’t really like me or care about me
My wife and I had a threeway with my ex, and they're kind of at each other's throats now. The ex lives on our block too, so it's slightly awkward in the neighborhood
I don't like any of my friends. In fact, I don't think I like anyone.
I broke up with partner , my friend sent me pic of her hubby etc
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I have just broken up with my girlfriend
My coworker is constantly telling me what to do like she is my boss. I told her about it and she still does it. I cannot make a move without criticism or a comment on how to do it her way. I how to do my job and it angers me when she expects me to do it her way.
I am depressed as I feel I am not good enough or doing enough in life.
I had some recent car trouble and the problem has gotten worse. It has caused the mechanic bill to get bigger and bigger and I don't know how I am going to pay for it.
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
I want to break up with my partner who ive been married to for 6 years with a 5 year old child
I am suffering from health anxiety and staying home and aftiad of going out
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
I fear disappointing my parents.
I have a job that does not fulfill my goals for myself. I used to love my job but coronavirus has made it hard to enjoy. It is frequent that I have nothing to do and instead sit at my desk and think about all the other things I could do.
I am very nervous about my fianl paper.
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
I was already having a really bad day, from a run in I had with a very rude lady. Then I received a text from someone who I thought was my friend. She felt like I haven' t been there for her because I didn't pick up her call. I honestly didn't see her call and definitely would've got back to her, if I saw her call. She said mean and nasty things about me, which I don' t care about. But she did the wrong mistake of bringing my child into the equation, when he had nothing to do with it. I wanted to really beat the crap out of her because not only did she do that, she blocked my number and ran. Like I was beyond pissed.
academic pressures
The fact that my job does not take my health seriously
I failed my Finals and now I am on academic probation. I am afraid I will be expelled.
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
My partners and I are not on the same terms. Need some emotional support.
I am recently divorced. My ex-husband has moved in with his new, much younger girlfriend and they are discussing marriage. Although I am happy the marriage is over, I'm depressed because I have not had any romantic offers while he has moved on with no problem.
My friend died in a car accident
I have so much homework that I can't keep up and I dont feel motivated in my classes because im so behind.
One of my best friends I lived with moved out and screwed us over with the lease and her rent the DAY BEFORE rent was due and then blocked us on everything so that we couldn't ask her to pay.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
Working as a teacher, I find it very hard to get students who don't care to engage with work. 90% of students are fine, but the other 10% are impossible as I have no support from management.
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
I got a B+ in a class that I deserved an A- in and when I contacted the professor, he called me a liar. This really put me in a bad mood because I tried really hard in his class and he would not hear my case out.
New boss who is difficult
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
I have a problem with a job. I can't find the job for a long time. When the covid started most of the jobs was closed. As I dont have any higher education, it's hard to find a real one with a good salary. But as all jobs, like waiters, adn so on still closed, it get me the depression.
I am alone and have no friends.
My depression is getting worse and worse due to this pandemic. I feel like things will turn for the worse in my life.
I am always in the mood of depression. I thought every thing going to be happen to me in wrong way
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
I want to hangout with friends but I don't have the motivation
I just lost my job of seven years and am anxious about finding a new one during the holidays in a pandemic.
Moved to a new location and haven't met any new friends and now with Covid it is impossible.
i have a sleep problem past one month.night time i can not sleep.some of fear i fell everyday night time
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
I decided to separate from my husband after finding myself incredibly unhappy.
breaking up cause husband cheating
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
I fear disappointing my parents.
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
I have not been able to find a job
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and another 10% has been furloughed.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
My girlfriend broke up with me and now I have no motivation and I am depressed most of the time.
I've been really struggling lately with how much everything has changed during the pandemic. the holidays don't feel the same
Every day is a struggle, I wake up feeling hopeless, and I am having really bad anxiety attacks that I can't calm down from.
i shared somethng with my best ffirend and she betrayed me
some many people losing jobs due to covid
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
They are always demotivate my economic status. It hurts me a lot
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
I am finding the second lockdown intensely difficult to deal with, even worse than the first.
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
i'm very sad because my friend doesn't want to talk with me
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
My best friend can be kind of a tool when he is drinking alcohol. I think that he forgets to chill out sometimes and says stuff that is upsetting and does not think it through when he is saying is. Recently this occurred when talking about politics. In general we have the same beliefs but he put it over the top.
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
There is an event that happened about 5 years ago that I think started this emotion for me.It is ongoing and has affected all parts of my life.
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
I let the best lady in the world get away from me.
My Board of Directors is going around me to my staff.
I broke up with my girlfriend since we didn't have chemistry and now I feel alone.
JUST LOST A FRIEND , A VERY CLOSE TIGHT FRIEND THAT WAS ALWAYS THERE FOR ME
trying to find a job in this town is almost impossible, it is either fast food, walmart, or if you know someone the chemical plants. i need to get out of the place i am in or i am going to go insane. i cant do that without more income.
I lost my job, my car was just repossessed and my bills are all behind.
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
I’m feeling anxious about the pandemic and current economic conditions.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
Trying to get my own small crafting business off the ground.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
daily stresses
related to the current pandemic
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
I failed a few of my midterms and now I'm very apprehensive about my finals.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
I recently left my job because of a toxic environment but now I'm having trouble finding another and I'm running out of money.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I think that i am gaining weight and hard as i try I can not keep it off and i am getting vry put down.
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
I have no job
My business is suffering because of the pandemic. I'm very worried I won't be able to pay my bills soon.
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
My health is crazy and I may have to face a major surgery. I have a severe auto immune disorder and even though I've had it for 8 years you never get used to it.
I lost my job and not sure how I will pay for rent.
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
I have been sad for a while now but lately due to not being able to find a job, i am feeling very low
My best friend is addicted to meth
I have naturally suffer from clinical depression
My boyfriend broke up with me in a facebook story. He won't tell me why. He won't return my calls or answer my messages. I think it is because I posted something (innocent) that made him jealous. But he is being so cruel. He posts many sad songs to make it seem like he is so hurt by me, but he won't even speak with me. I can't eat or sleep. I'm losing my mind.
My friend has a girlfriend who is a real bitch. I can't stand how she treats me and others. I wish that my friend would dump her.
I keep failing my classes and cannot seem to catch up
My friend has started to get into political conversations on Facebook and I think he is embarrassing himself. He's spouting all these talking points without ever showing any interest in them before!
I feel I am failing in my graduate program. I feel that I am not good enough to earn my doctorate degree.
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
My boss recently left the company and I am not getting the information from her boss that I need. It is worrisome.
Conflict with parents
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I am extremely stressed with work and am very unhappy.
I have a lot of academic pressure from my program and I'm not receiving any help from my advisors.
I lost my job Due to COVID-19 , I really work hard for the company for past five years but they just through out from the company.
I lost my job, my car was just repossessed and my bills are all behind.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
I am extremely stressed with work and am very unhappy.
I recently lost my grandmother and today grief came out of nowhere for the first time in a few weeks. Feeling very down.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
My friend has started to get into political conversations on Facebook and I think he is embarrassing himself. He's spouting all these talking points without ever showing any interest in them before!
I did not study and did poorly on a test.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
I will be losing my job in january. I am very fearful about finding a new one.
My ex who i loved so much and almost gave her everything cheated on me with another guy from my school , my relationship was almost 2 years until she dumped me.... and i had to go through an immense overthinking after the breakup for almost 6-7 months
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
freind is a drunk and nobody told her besides me now she is mad at me
I'm in the depression because of todays market situation
I am afraid of failure, and it paralyses me to where I cannot study enough to score well on the tests.
I keep having dreams that I've forgotten to go to one of my classes and I won't graduate on time.
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
I am extremely bored and under stimulated without being in school or working.
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
I lost friend as she does not reach out to me anymore and wonder why.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
Anxiety about losing my job
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
My close friend died because of Covid-19 last month, it bothers me a lot and i constantly feel depression.
I was fired.
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
freind is a drunk and nobody told her besides me now she is mad at me
I recently argued with my family about my dating partner.
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
My current position will be eliminated within 6 months. I am very anxious and concerned that I will likely not find another position at mu current salary level.
I went and spent so much money on xmas gifts and now I don't know how I can pay the credit cards off
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
Need a second job to pay off credit card bills
I am alone and have no friends.
I lost my job in January. Because of my health, I am afraid of taking a job outside home. So I am trying to make money on MTurk and YouTube.
Hope I will not die? My doctor told me not to smoke again, I tried to stop for the past five years that I have been coughing seriously but all the effort was aborted.
I was scheduled to take my vacation after next week on Christmas week but due to some people quitting my boss suggested that I will have to work , I will not work because I already have plans but I am afraid that if I don’t work she will cut my hours when I come back
I failed a few of my midterms and now I'm very apprehensive about my finals.
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
Not able to find suitable job
pet died
I have been struggling since I lost my job. I have been on the lookout for a new job, tried doing menial jobs just to get by, but nothing seems to be available.
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
I'm worried that my job is in jeopardy.
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
I have a friend that completely screwed me out of money on a business venture.
covid depression
I have so much homework that I can't keep up and I dont feel motivated in my classes because im so behind.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
Struggling to find work
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
I can't seem to make any friends - always left on my own and no-one to talk to
Just the virus and loneliness. Isolation
crippling homework and procrastination i cant keep up in class
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
my kids wont listen to me
This COVID pandemic has really gotten to me! I'm not ready to die, but I can't stand living like this anymore!
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
Losing Job
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
I had my heart set on a Veterinary Technology program at a particular school and I just found out that I won't be able to apply in time. I feel like I have to reassess my future plans.
My friend didn't like it that he dumped me. She told him he was an idiot to do that.
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
I work a dead end job.
I keep putting of my work because I'm afraid i'll fail at it. I just need to process the data, but I don't know why I keep putting it off. I feel angry at myself
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
I just don't really feel enthused about anything right now. I feel like I can't make any future plans, and that I don't have anything to look forward to.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
I am in a crisis over my employer not having enough money to pay me. It is really causing me to be fearful.
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
due to the corona virus we are all on reduced hours
just can not get out of a bad mood
My company just laid off 5%. I fear I will be next. Anxiety is at all time highs.
I recently had a baby and iam facing postpartum depression
i have no friends
My best friend can be kind of a tool when he is drinking alcohol. I think that he forgets to chill out sometimes and says stuff that is upsetting and does not think it through when he is saying is. Recently this occurred when talking about politics. In general we have the same beliefs but he put it over the top.
My friend thinks I put her second ever since I had children and she no longer wants to continue our 13 year friendship
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
I am on short term disability and I am afraid I will lose my job if I don't go back soon.
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
I am worried I do not play the politics game well enough for the growth I want.
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
I got fired from my job during the pandemic, I don't know if I'll be able to find another job.
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
I’m feeling anxious about upcoming exam.
I'm kind of just generally feeling seasonal depression as I don't feel happy,
My friends suck at being friends. They use me, ignore me, and i'm only a benefit for them.
My job is based on demand and the current economic state makes less demand.
My boyfriend broke up with me in a facebook story. He won't tell me why. He won't return my calls or answer my messages. I think it is because I posted something (innocent) that made him jealous. But he is being so cruel. He posts many sad songs to make it seem like he is so hurt by me, but he won't even speak with me. I can't eat or sleep. I'm losing my mind.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
My school is extremely rigorous and I'm experiencing difficulty with anxiety
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
I have this certification program I took about two years ago that allowed me to be marketable out there and it's about to expire. I'm currently under pressure to retake the certification and I'm not quite ready. I will loose my license if I don't , time is running out and I currently feel lost in the predicament I have found myself.
My curly hair is so unruly
I don't have enough money to pay bills. I am so scared. I need help.
My friend is not treating me the way that a friend is supposed to be treating me
My boyfriend and I recently broke up due to our long-distance relationship and the impact COVID-19 has had on the travel industry.
friend has possible COVID and going to hospital today for tests
No money to celebrate christiamass
eviction
I am qualified for a promotion but my boss won't promote me
My beautiful Daughter is married to a man that does not treat her well. Gas-lights her continiually. This has rubbed off on their 5 year old daughter.
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
I lost friend as she does not reach out to me anymore and wonder why.
I have no job
just everyday life
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
Moved to a new location and haven't met any new friends and now with Covid it is impossible.
I don't have enough money to buy my kids christmas gifts.
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
can't find a job/path in life
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
My wife and I had a threeway with my ex, and they're kind of at each other's throats now. The ex lives on our block too, so it's slightly awkward in the neighborhood
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
I can not seem to find a job no matter how hard I try. My last job was cut short because of all the pandemic restrictions. I'm so depressed.
I always feel like the way I look does not live up to the expectations of those close to me. This makes me very anxious when I go to meet with them.
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
I can't cope with Martins any more, he is a big liar
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
Lost my job in the lockdown
My husband keeps wasting money and we are having a hard time making ends meet. We'd be fine if he didn't overspend, but he's addicted to it.
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
finals
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
I was scheduled to take my vacation after next week on Christmas week but due to some people quitting my boss suggested that I will have to work , I will not work because I already have plans but I am afraid that if I don’t work she will cut my hours when I come back
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
Removed from my job - apparently only because of my age - no longer doing meaningful work.
I haven't been able to sleep well worried about so many things.
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
my family neglected me
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
pet died
I let the best lady in the world get away from me.
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
Covid isolation has brought me down; i am used to socializing and traveling. i live alone, so my options are limited
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
I've been studying very hard for this class, but I have been performing very poorly. This is the first time I have done this bad and I just feel so incompetent. Nothing I do seems to work.
I just broke up with my boyfriend and I hinestly don't know what to do
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
I am trying to complete my Master's degree while having to help my children learn virtually because of the pandemic. Managing my time has not been easy.
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
I had a nasty breakup with my boyfriend. He stepped out on me and lied to my face.
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
I'm about to lose my job because my company is not able to negotiate my existing contract and I'm unable to secure another job. I feel anxiety on what to do and next steps to take.
Depression is currently taking a toll on my life. This pandemic is stressing me out.
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
Due to COVID-19 I can not focus on studies and can't fine help
I've suffered from depression since I was a kid but since the pandemic started it's harder to find the motivation to go on, to go about my day, to get out of bed, etc.
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
my kids wont listen to me
My friends suck at being friends. They use me, ignore me, and i'm only a benefit for them.
I was in a course with a bad teacher and was not doing well. I felt like his grading was unfair and his teaching methods were unclear. When I tried to talk to him about the issues I was having I didn't feel like he did anything to help.
I'm bummed about my employer cutting my pay
I am qualified for a promotion but my boss won't promote me
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
nothing i do pleases my boss
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
I was raped by my first boyfriend when I was thirteen years old.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
i was furloughed
I am depressed about Covid and being restricted from going places.
found out my fiance was cheating on me
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
my boss does not care about my and there is no guidance complete ignorance due to the fact that I am a female in a male domain
My mother recently passed, a month ago due to being an alcoholic for many years.
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
I have a job that does not fulfill my goals for myself. I used to love my job but coronavirus has made it hard to enjoy. It is frequent that I have nothing to do and instead sit at my desk and think about all the other things I could do.
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
My manager does not respect COVID guidelines or protect my safety.
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
my club is giving me a fuck headache, I cannot do without Arsenal but they are fucking up on a big time
Lost my job in the lockdown
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
I married a divorcee. She was not honest with me. I felt sympathy about her previous marriage. She was not honest about her real problems. She treated me horribly. I had to leave.
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
I have to give an important presentation for my academic career and I am stressed about public speaking and my ability to give a coherent presentation
Some former friends of mine have remained friends with a person who abused me and stood up for them in court.
Going to lose my job in January, not sure what to do about that.
I suffered bullying at school. for the simple fact of being not very fat but if stuffed, they called me a cow, they made the expression of a cow, they threw my bag in the trash, I had no friends. It was hard and strong to be able to study there, after that they changed my school, everything was fine until those from the previous school found out where I was studying and the bullying started again. It has had an impact on my life, I believe that even my feelings are the same, I have not been able to forget it.
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
I have had a lady who has been a friend for one year now. We have been in good terms until recently when she no longer has time for me and she does not explain the reason for the same. I have scheduled several meetings but she turns down my request every time. I dont know what to do at such a time when i need her support the most.
I'm worried that my job is in jeopardy.
My boyfriend was disrespectful. he went ahead to cheat on me with the particular girl i warned him about seeing. he lied about it even after being caught and tried to emotionally blackmail me with it still.
I have lost my job because of COVID19
I was working when one of my bosses continued to bully and speak down to me
I was laid off from my job
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
Family disharmony, young niece having to witness a lot of verbal fighting.
Working four departments at once
My partner broke up with me and I'm really upset about this we've been together for 4 years and all of a sudden they decided that they didn't want to continue the relationship
My friends are always leaving me out of activities.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
staying at home with kids and stopping outside work
my friend has a new friend
I broke up with my boyfriend and that really depressed me because we have been together for like a long time. I feel very sad and alone. I actually feel like I can't go on with it.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
School has been putting a lot of pressure on me recently. Especially with finals going on.
I have to give up my parrot because I am now blind and have to move. I cant take teh parrot with me.
Because of my classes going completely online, it's been incredibly hard for me to keep up in my classes. Because of this, my grades are falling dramatically and I'm afraid that I won't be able to continue in college if next semester is also like this. I've tried reaching out to my professors, but most of them have been unhelpful with my situation.
This COVID pandemic has really gotten to me! I'm not ready to die, but I can't stand living like this anymore!
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
My dad and I do not talk anymore even though we used to be close.
They didn't invite me for the party for an special event
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
My ex-boyfriend broke up with me because I was too jealous and I didn't trust him
I can't cope with Martins any more, he is a big liar
My friends are always leaving me out of activities.
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
due to the corona virus we are all on reduced hours
Not sure if I should go back to school during covid. IT would be remote so physically there is no danger.
Due to this pandemic, I've been feeling more depressed than ever. I am fearful for my job and my financials. Not a day goes by I don't think about my financial situation. If this pandemic keeps going on, my financial situation will worsen.
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
I did a very disgusting thing, I dated online without know, who is she, she tricked me with her naked pictures and I fell into her hand by sent 4000 dollar to her
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
I recently lost my job and I am worried that i will not able to pay my bills. This situation is making me anger.
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
I'm worried I will never find love again and I'm not getting any younger
I am scared that all of my academic accomplishments will amount to nothing
JUST LOST A FRIEND , A VERY CLOSE TIGHT FRIEND THAT WAS ALWAYS THERE FOR ME
One of my classes is extremely difficult and my professor is not responsive.
covid
This COVID pandemic has really gotten to me! I'm not ready to die, but I can't stand living like this anymore!
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
my kids wont listen to me
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
breakup with partner
Because of my classes going completely online, it's been incredibly hard for me to keep up in my classes. Because of this, my grades are falling dramatically and I'm afraid that I won't be able to continue in college if next semester is also like this. I've tried reaching out to my professors, but most of them have been unhelpful with my situation.
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
covid stress
I feel I am failing in my graduate program. I feel that I am not good enough to earn my doctorate degree.
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
effects of the pandemic
I lost my job 8 months ago and I haven't been able to find anything. So as a result I have felt very depressed because my life has lost all sense of structure.
She dumped me months ago, but I can't get over her. Other women just don't appeal to me.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
My husband abandoned me and my kids
turned in ex gf to cps for giving her kids drugs.
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
Iam feeling very sadness after breaking up with my girlfriend.
pandemic and family stress
COVID-19. has me needing people more.
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
Friends do not want to hang out due to pandemic
friend has possible COVID and going to hospital today for tests
I have been out of work and my father passed now we have to move to a smaller house and I am my mothers care giver
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
I am nervous and anxious about my status with my friends. I am not sure what I mean to them and if I am easily replaceable.
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
I am severely stressed about my college course and my grades during the pandemic.
I am very scared about next college semester it is frightening
The pandemic is causing my company to close. I am now going to be searching for a job in a saturated market!
My partner and I decided to part ways due to cheating and I have completely lost trust in any MEN out there now. I feel super helpless and need some advice and support.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
lose job
my boyfriend of three years has been cheating on me.
I just woke up and felt sad and I cannot shake the feeling and I just want to cry and never leave bed
I have been sad for a while now but lately due to not being able to find a job, i am feeling very low
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
just always feel this way
My friend is dating a man who is a drug addict and she doesn't understand why I won't hang out with the two of them.
My project ends soon and I will need to find other employment. I am worried that doesn't to Covid I will not be able to find work.
My close friend committed a mistake. I truly informed her and argued to rectify the mistake. But she opposed and tried to avoid me and she scolded me more. Moreover she told all our friends that I am doing jealously and it was irritating her. This event make me very depressed.
I have so much homework that I can't keep up and I dont feel motivated in my classes because im so behind.
i broke up with my partner and am feeling like i should even commit suiside, i was played a fool
just always feel this way
End of job contract
I am depressed staying home due to COVID
I am afraid of failure, and it paralyses me to where I cannot study enough to score well on the tests.
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and another 10% has been furloughed.
I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
I am worried about failing my college math exams and being kicked out of school.
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
I am having a very hard time finding a job due to covid.
I have recently broke up with my girlfriend which has caused me great sadness
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
I have a large test and don't feel prepared
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
I have been overloaded with school work recently. I failed my first exam earlier this week and I am stressed and anxious about my exams later in the week.
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I broke up with my partner.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
caught my girlfriend cheating on me with my neighbor its was so horrible scene for me all i could do was cry and drink because i love her so much, the pain was much that all i could think of was killing her and myself, Guess its isn't wrong if i kill the guy he cheated with too?
covid
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
My boyfriend recently broke up with me out of the blue. I am feeling very alone, sad and depressed.
I broke up with my boyfriend and that really depressed me because we have been together for like a long time. I feel very sad and alone. I actually feel like I can't go on with it.
Not having enough friends nearby. My three nearby friends went away for holidays, so I have no one to spend time with over this weekend.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
Friends keep calling my face ugly
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
worried about losing my job
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
I failed my Finals and now I am on academic probation. I am afraid I will be expelled.
I have so much homework that I can't keep up and I dont feel motivated in my classes because im so behind.
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
My friend is using drugs
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
masters degree
I have lost my job, and my entire industry has been shut down due to Covid-19, and I am struggling to find work that is safe for me to do from home.
breakup with lover
i am very stressed at work so i have started to look for a new job but can't find anything
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
co workers seem to ignore me and don't say hello, i feel unwanted
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
Need a second job to pay off credit card bills
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
I miss my girlfriend, I feel I have no one in my life.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
My mind is consumed by depression
Iam facing a lot of academic pressure to coplete the degree on time..
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
my boyfriend of three years has been cheating on me.
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
I have lost my job because of COVID19
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
Misunderstanding with friend
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
I don't like any of my friends. In fact, I don't think I like anyone.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
My boyfriend broke up with me in a facebook story. He won't tell me why. He won't return my calls or answer my messages. I think it is because I posted something (innocent) that made him jealous. But he is being so cruel. He posts many sad songs to make it seem like he is so hurt by me, but he won't even speak with me. I can't eat or sleep. I'm losing my mind.
I am dealing with a COVID-19 quarantining situation. Can't interact with family and friends. Wife is super paranoid about the virus.
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
My ongoing depression is getting worse due to this pandemic.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
i'm in depression because recently i lost my job
I left my home due to income reduction, and live with sibling.
I was already having a really bad day, from a run in I had with a very rude lady. Then I received a text from someone who I thought was my friend. She felt like I haven' t been there for her because I didn't pick up her call. I honestly didn't see her call and definitely would've got back to her, if I saw her call. She said mean and nasty things about me, which I don' t care about. But she did the wrong mistake of bringing my child into the equation, when he had nothing to do with it. I wanted to really beat the crap out of her because not only did she do that, she blocked my number and ran. Like I was beyond pissed.
staying at home with kids and stopping outside work
I think I need to break up with my girlfriend because my feelings have changed
I have to give a presentation at work after completing a course and am fearful as I've had a bad experience in the past
My mom got in a serious accident and ever since, I have developed anxiety whenever I cannot be around my parents
sleep problems with over depression have adverse effects cognitive and behavioral functions.
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
I miss my friends.
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
Fear of layoff from job
I fear disappointing my parents.
I was in a course with a bad teacher and was not doing well. I felt like his grading was unfair and his teaching methods were unclear. When I tried to talk to him about the issues I was having I didn't feel like he did anything to help.
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
I have just realized I will never be able to afford a real house for my family and feel horrible,
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
I lost my aun a couple weeks ago
I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I interviewed for.
I fear that I will not have a job next year, at the beginning of the year. My emotions are in survival mode and I do not want to do anything or buy anything from this fear
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
pressure of applying for fellowship
I have a friend that completely screwed me out of money on a business venture.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
I have to give an important presentation for my academic career and I am stressed about public speaking and my ability to give a coherent presentation
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
My friend created a separate chat for planning hangouts and did not include me.
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
i talk with my friendship
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
Being stuck at home all day with 3 kid and barely able to leave the house. I am feeling so overwhelmed and exhausted.
There aren't any specific events currently happening to cause anxiety, it's more of an inability to turn off my brain. If there are issues in my life, I definitely overthink them and that causes a downward spiral into depression.
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
I fear disappointing my parents.
I became jobless. My boss and I had a disagreement and she terminated me.
Its really sad that with todays COVID crisis we are no longer able to enjoy daily normal life. We are not able to mingle and meet our family and friends. We are stuck in our homes during this unprecedented time.
effects of the pandemic
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
My colleagues are always talking about me behind
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
Working as a teacher, I find it very hard to get students who don't care to engage with work. 90% of students are fine, but the other 10% are impossible as I have no support from management.
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
My close friend died because of Covid-19 last month, it bothers me a lot and i constantly feel depression.
I feel very bad to work on remotely. It sucks me and i cant anage the work life balance on this covid pandamic. It really hard to manage my time with my family and they expect more from us hence we are in work from home.
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
Daily, normal activites of life are hard for me to be motivated to do or to complete them at all due to my depression. I feel ashamed that I am not like other people who can complete things like hygiene care without a struggle.
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
I am very depressed and despondent because my boyfriend broke up with me and it was right before the wedding. I am close to his family but they won't speak to me know. I am lost without him.
I am recently divorced. My ex-husband has moved in with his new, much younger girlfriend and they are discussing marriage. Although I am happy the marriage is over, I'm depressed because I have not had any romantic offers while he has moved on with no problem.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
i was furloughed
Pretty down with the lack of securing a job and improving my finaces.
I have finals coming up and I am really nervous and I don't feel prepared.
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
I have been suffering from depression for many years due to emotional trauma
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
I was scheduled to take my vacation after next week on Christmas week but due to some people quitting my boss suggested that I will have to work , I will not work because I already have plans but I am afraid that if I don’t work she will cut my hours when I come back
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
I am afraid of how my parents will react when I tell them that I am not going to attend the holidays
covid no work
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
I am depressed about Covid and being restricted from going places.
Trying to get my own small crafting business off the ground.
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
I lost my job and very distressed about it
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
I live with four friends/ housemates. I like them, but at the same time we are stuck together every day 24/7. Small things add up; I am getting increasingly annoyed by their behaviors and their inconsideration for others.
I have been feeling like my friends don't like me and it's making me feel bad.
I have struggled with depression for a while but recently it seems to be getting worse, with no clear reason.
Jobs are competitive
I am very nervous about my fianl paper.
Trying to find a job
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
overall daily stresses
I am suffering from health anxiety and staying home and aftiad of going out
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
I live with four friends/ housemates. I like them, but at the same time we are stuck together every day 24/7. Small things add up; I am getting increasingly annoyed by their behaviors and their inconsideration for others.
My President of the Board is not very good.
I applied with a lot of companies and never hear back. I need money for the holidays.
COVID-19 has completely ruined my family's travel plans. Instead of travelling to see them, we have to stay home.
I was raped by my first boyfriend when I was thirteen years old.
My best friend finally stopped showing up and stopped replying to my message.
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
My three years relationship ended last week , he betrayed me he had another affair , we discussed and break up . He misused my credit card he took my all money. he spreading fake news about me in social media.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
I need to leave my job as I do not make enough money, however I love my job and hate to leave.
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
I feel like I won't ever get a proper job and move out of my parents' home.
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
Husband left me for someone else.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
Covid isolation has brought me down; i am used to socializing and traveling. i live alone, so my options are limited
Nervous about a test in the future because I do not know if I am learning well enough because of lack of in-person teaching.
I need to get straight A's to get into graduate school.
Fear of layoff from work
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
I have a lot of homework and work, and thinking of the future is very stressful, I am not sure how to plan all my work and handle everything.
My boyfriend and I broke up and I cant stop crying. I am depressed about being alone.
I am very scared about next college semester it is frightening
My friend has a girlfriend who is a real bitch. I can't stand how she treats me and others. I wish that my friend would dump her.
fighting with my husband all the time and not seeing eye to eye. felling unwanted and unloved
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
I have a huge test coming up soon and I don't think I am ready for it.
I’m feeling anxious about upcoming exam.
My best friend has been very demanding, and I'm very upset.
Husband left me for someone else.
I am in the middle of job hunting but it has been very difficult to find one during the pandemic. This really upsets me.
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
caught my girlfriend cheating on me with my neighbor its was so horrible scene for me all i could do was cry and drink because i love her so much, the pain was much that all i could think of was killing her and myself, Guess its isn't wrong if i kill the guy he cheated with too?
I am very nervous about my fianl paper.
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
trying to find a job with good hours
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
I keep failing my tests
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
Parents are pressuring me to become a doctor
Since getting a new job I feel like I'm constantly trying to prove myself. I measure myself against other people and just don't feel I'm good enough I'm having a real issue with my confidence at the moment
I am feeling very upset and sad that I had to break up with my girlfriend. I want some help with my sad meotions.
I am very depressed and despondent because my boyfriend broke up with me and it was right before the wedding. I am close to his family but they won't speak to me know. I am lost without him.
My depression is getting worse and worse due to this pandemic. I feel like things will turn for the worse in my life.
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
I have recently been let go from my job due to the pandemic, and I have been feeling sad lately.
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
worried about losing my job
Jobs are competitive
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
My aunt died a week ago who was 90. Was very close to her.
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
I broke up with a partner and I’m verbally upset and emotionally upset as well
I broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. I've been feeling lonely ever since.
I had some recent car trouble and the problem has gotten worse. It has caused the mechanic bill to get bigger and bigger and I don't know how I am going to pay for it.
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
My son has bipolar disorder and he is only 9. He has delusions and has lost his mind for a month now. He is in the hospital and I am terrified he won't get it back. He has delusions and I'm worried.
Covid isolation has brought me down; i am used to socializing and traveling. i live alone, so my options are limited
related to the current pandemic
I love my parents but they want me to pursue business major while I am doing a psychology major to be Physician Assistant one day. They feel I am letting them down but in reality I want to be in the medicine field. I do not know what to do
I am breaking up with my spouse
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
my friend has a new friend
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
I'm so worried about breaking up with my boyfriend that I'm shaking.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I broke up with my girlfriend and sad about it
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
Fear of layoff from job
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about finding a new one.
i talk with my friendship
Me and my girlfriend got into a fight over holiday break that I thought could be fixed but instead ended up in us breaking up
My friends are always leaving me out of activities.
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
I broke up with a partner and I’m verbally upset and emotionally upset as well
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
I am worried about losing my job due to COVID
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
I have to pass my test to pass the course. I'm am crazy nervous and can't sleep.
i cant do well in school and they mock me
I married a divorcee. She was not honest with me. I felt sympathy about her previous marriage. She was not honest about her real problems. She treated me horribly. I had to leave.
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
I lost my aun a couple weeks ago
COVID, job pressure, stress with partner, sharing custody of my son, recuperating from cancer treatment
My youngest sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her two children.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
i was furloughed
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
My friend's husband is spreading false rumors about me because my daughter moved up in soccer and his didn't. He is saying I'm having an affair with the coach, who is married! I am NOT and my daughter happens to be a much better soccer player. I do like his wife but this is unforgiveable.
effects of the pandemic
I am losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for work right now
i have an exam coming up and i have not studied and its too late to cover the course work
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused me to be depressed. I am sad because there is nowhere we can go. We have to stay home and that is getting depressing. My husband and I want to travel but we can't. We are retired and feel as though our lives are being destroyed.
I have just lost my job, and am experiencing depression, as a result of financial worry.
lost job went to prison
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
I am depressed and always angry. I lose my temper and say racist things to people, and am miserable to be around. I got mad at my father inlaw for talking badly about President Trump on Thanksgiving, and I called everyone "a bunch of nigger lovers" and stormed out of the house. Been angry ever since.
Having been having panic attacks more often now that we are in quarantined
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
I tested positive for Covid.
i talk with my friendship
I just feel really depressed all the time, I feel like my life has no meaning
The current economic downturn has me worried for the future.
My girlfriend broke up with me recently. Really not feeling it right now, especially since I could've dedicated more time to her after exams but she got fed up. I guess I'm just alone for Christmas.
I'm disgusted that the professors don't see me as a human with real emotions and feelings.
For the past couple years, I've been dealing with depression. I'm lonely, sad, scared and worried. I feel like there's no reason to live.
Fear of layoff from job
The pandemic is causing my company to close. I am now going to be searching for a job in a saturated market!
My mental health (innatentive ADHD) cannot be properly medicated with the recommended medication because of an underlying heart condition. Causing a low mood.
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
Car accident led to traumatic brain injury and PTSD having nightmares 2x a week.
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
I was raped by my first boyfriend when I was thirteen years old.
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
I've had some degree of depression for a long time. Longer than this damn pandemic. I've always been a homebody but not leaving the house at all for almost three months was a lot. A lot has happened over the past year and I'm not sure how to handle it all. I feel alone even when there are people around.
Family disharmony, young niece having to witness a lot of verbal fighting.
I can't figure out why my friends don't understand why I want to keep a bit distant during COVID
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
I am upset with my best friend over the results of the election. We generally agree not to discuss politics, but the controversy over Biden's win over Trump has us split. I am angry that she keeps bringing it up.
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
For the last few weeks everything is an effort. I just can't get motivated. Why clean the house it will just get messed up again and no one else cares. I feel bad for my dog I don't even take him for walks anymore. Things that usually cheer me up or make me happy just seem pointless. No matter how hard I try I get nowhere. I just want to sleep until these feelings go away if they ever do
My grandfather's brother passed away a few days ago and I'm depressed because of it.
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
i worry that they will never stop pressuring me to go back to work. even though i have a disability that keeps me from doing that. the thought of talking about it makes me feel major anxiety
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
I feel like I won't ever get a proper job and move out of my parents' home.
I feel depressed. I hate the holidays. I don't want to pretend to be happy around my family for christmas.
No money to celebrate christiamass
My thesis is due tomorrow and we have to do an individual presentation about our topics. I feel prepared but I know one professor that knows she intimidates me. I am just a nervous wreck.
I quit my full time job as an Administrative Assistant in August 2020 becuase my job did not following Covid-19 roles set up by the State in which I live in. I am struggling to find a job that is WFH since August.
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
My partner left me after 7 years and broke up with me over text.
I lost my job 4 month ago and I am running out of money.
My friend has passed away and I'm struggling to deal with the grief.
no specific event to describe
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
I do not know how to move on, nothing makes me happy
Recently divorced my husband of eight years after finding out he married another women overseas.
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
This time is too hard for me fine a jobs which require me to search and get pay for unemployment.
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
ongoing depression every day . It s hard to even get out of bed
I had an argument with my parents over my girlfriend.
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
Just the virus and loneliness. Isolation
I can't find a job since I've been staying home with children for so many years. I'm starting to feel a shame because I am having trouble paying bills.
I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I keep trying to get started, but my kitchen mess seems so overwhelming.
My best friend has been very demanding, and I'm very upset.
my boyfriend left me out of the blue. he is not responding anything clearly. he is avoiding me now.
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
I am mad at my professor for giving me a 0 on a test.
my girlfriend was break up with me i found out that she was cheating on me
My Board of Directors is going around me to my staff.
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
My business is suffering because of the pandemic. I'm very worried I won't be able to pay my bills soon.
I keep procrastinating cleaning, doing crafts, etc, stuff that I want to do and to get done, but that I seem to be unmotivated to do. It's frustrating.
I can't stop eating at work
breakup with partner
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
I can't stop eating at work
I have to find a higher paying job but it has been a while since I worked full time.
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
I lost my job and very distressed about it
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
My mom got in a serious accident and ever since, I have developed anxiety whenever I cannot be around my parents
I feel hopeless. Sometimes I just want to end my life. It isn't worth it.
I am isolated due to covid and don't see the situation getting better any time soon.
I'm failing my classes and I'm on scholarship
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
My kids are driving me crazy now that we are all having to work and school our kids from home. My husband and I both work from home now because of Corona. My 15 year old boy and 8 year old girl argue after they finish schooling and my husband and I are still working. It is starting to interrupt the quality of our work, Any suggestions? They are going crazy since the emergence of the Corona Virus.
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
i am breaked with my lover
I feel very bad to work on remotely. It sucks me and i cant anage the work life balance on this covid pandamic. It really hard to manage my time with my family and they expect more from us hence we are in work from home.
I have a lot of homework and work, and thinking of the future is very stressful, I am not sure how to plan all my work and handle everything.
Covid 19 stress with the added stress of the holduas
My friend created a separate chat for planning hangouts and did not include me.
Boss keeps hitting on a co-worker, who really doesn't like the guy. What can I do to make it stop?
covid 19 issues
I suffered bullying at school. for the simple fact of being not very fat but if stuffed, they called me a cow, they made the expression of a cow, they threw my bag in the trash, I had no friends. It was hard and strong to be able to study there, after that they changed my school, everything was fine until those from the previous school found out where I was studying and the bullying started again. It has had an impact on my life, I believe that even my feelings are the same, I have not been able to forget it.
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
I dewl shameful for some of my actions in the past
I am scared to leave my town, I got new job in California
I can't find a job since I've been staying home with children for so many years. I'm starting to feel a shame because I am having trouble paying bills.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
Hello. My baby of 11 years had passed away last week. This would be my pomeranian and I am devastated. I am fearful now of getting another puppy during Corona.
How can I cope with losing my boyfriend to another woman?
Ongoing anxiety about small things but seem to be much bigger in my head.
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
I have a great friend that has died of corona virus. I am shattered because I could not see her in her last moments or go to her funeral. All we had was facetime. She was only 35 with severe asthma. I am reeling. This happened two weeks ago and my sadness and depression is overwhelming. How can I get over this?
I have to repeat one of my classes over winter break, but I have plans with family. I will lose my scholarship if i dont pass
just down
I cannot deal with the death of a parent. This was some years ago but still badly affects me.
I am living with a controlling mentally abusive husband
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
Pretty down with the lack of securing a job and improving my finaces.
I did not study and did poorly on a test.
I'm angry at my mother, she never seems to understand me and always criticize everything I do whether good or bad.
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
My friend is a good friend of mine but he is not a suitor as in I would not want to marry or date him but my fiance still gets bothered by me talking to him. I don't talk to him anymore but can't see why he still considers it microcheating even if I don't talk about our relationship.
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
She dumped me months ago, but I can't get over her. Other women just don't appeal to me.
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
not communicative all of a sudden, not wanting to speak over phone too
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
I am supposed to be getting married overseas but I cannot because of the border policy due to COVID
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
I miss my girlfriend, I feel I have no one in my life.
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
I just got layed off.
Going to lose my job in January, not sure what to do about that.
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
My curly hair is so unruly
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
My thesis is due tomorrow and we have to do an individual presentation about our topics. I feel prepared but I know one professor that knows she intimidates me. I am just a nervous wreck.
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
I am isolated due to covid and don't see the situation getting better any time soon.
My roommate says she wants me to move out.
I've been so blessed to have such a great job but thanks to Corona, my works has come to a screeching halt. I'm so anxious because I don't know when my next check will be or for how much. The pressure and stress is almost too much.
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
I broke up with my ex partner and found out they cheated on me
Since COVID-19 I've been trying to help my parents by giving them advice. I tell them to avoid large crowds due to my dad being on Oxygen at night. He doesn't want to listen and goes places without caring. I'm very anxious about him getting sick.
My mental health (innatentive ADHD) cannot be properly medicated with the recommended medication because of an underlying heart condition. Causing a low mood.
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
My job required me to work for 80-90 hours a week. Due to this, I could not spend any time on myself, my family and my friends.
My girlfriend broke up with me and now I have no motivation and I am depressed most of the time.
I am unable to work at my job anymore due to a poor supervisor who made my work much more difficult.
I have lost my job because of COVID19
My husband and I constantly argue about discipline of our kids.
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
Not being able to do my daily routine is really getting to me. It's hard to get up every morning.
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
I battle depression and recently my regular meds just aren't helping. I am exhausted morning to night and have no interest or enjoyment in anything I do.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
My friend has a girlfriend who is a real bitch. I can't stand how she treats me and others. I wish that my friend would dump her.
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
Fights on my friends circle some conversation going to long and some bad talking to both of us.
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
I feel like my friends don't care about me at all. When we get together all they want to do is talk about their lives. When I raise something that is bothering me they just make some trite response and then move back to what they want to talk about.
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
sleep problems with over depression have adverse effects cognitive and behavioral functions.
my boyfriend left me out of the blue. he is not responding anything clearly. he is avoiding me now.
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
I battle depression and recently my regular meds just aren't helping. I am exhausted morning to night and have no interest or enjoyment in anything I do.
I am trying to complete my Master's degree while having to help my children learn virtually because of the pandemic. Managing my time has not been easy.
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
My friends suck at being friends. They use me, ignore me, and i'm only a benefit for them.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
My friend didn't like it that he dumped me. She told him he was an idiot to do that.
I just have no energy and feel helpless about current events.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
I am worried about failing my college math exams and being kicked out of school.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
I miss seeing my friends
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
breakup with partner
I get to hurting so bad in my lower back that it upsets me and then I take it out on the one's around me.
Due to this pandemic, I am worry for my future. Especially my job stability.
I tested positive for Covid.
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
My best friend is addicted to meth
I learned that my friend's husband was shot and killed over a drug deal. He was high at the time. My daughter carpools with his daughter every day and he was often the driver. Was he high when he was driving her around? I don't know how to act around my friend. Did she know?
pet died
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
when i met myb coworkers in job and they have not done has we had agreed , i get bored and irritated the whole day with negative mood due to the dissapointment they did not met the requirements we had set to attain by set date aside
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
My parents have this expectation of me to give back to them even though I'm not financially stable yet
I will lose my job in January
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
I have been feeling lost and directionless and I feel like I'm a waste of time and space. I don't know what to do with my life and I hate myself.
My dog died
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me and i do not know the reason
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
My friend's dad passed away due to Coronavirus and I am sad.
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
Due to COVID-19 I can not focus on studies and can't fine help
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
I have finals coming up and I'm very nervous for them.
Me and my girlfriend got into a fight over holiday break that I thought could be fixed but instead ended up in us breaking up
I feel disgusted by the way my teenage daughter dresses up. She wears very tight and revealing clothing. I have tried before to talk to her about modesty but she continues to dress that way.
Friends keep calling my face ugly
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
Due to COVID-19 I can not focus on studies and can't fine help
I can't seem to make any friends - always left on my own and no-one to talk to
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
I am afraid of how my parents will react when I tell them that I am not going to attend the holidays
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
My boyfriend and I broke up and I cant stop crying. I am depressed about being alone.
Broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. Now I feel lonely.
My husband and I constantly argue about discipline of our kids.
I work a dead end job.
My school is extremely rigorous and I'm experiencing difficulty with anxiety
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
They didn't invite me for the party for an special event
loss of job
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
My friends suck at being friends. They use me, ignore me, and i'm only a benefit for them.
I feel hopeless. Sometimes I just want to end my life. It isn't worth it.
She dumped me months ago, but I can't get over her. Other women just don't appeal to me.
General daily stresses
worried about losing my job
I am dealing with a COVID-19 quarantining situation. Can't interact with family and friends. Wife is super paranoid about the virus.
I did not study and did poorly on a test.
My industry has been shut down since March due to covid-19 and I've been struggling to find work that is safe for me to do (I have asthma and a blood disorder that compromises my immune system), haven't had any success with unemployment and really just very stressed about money.
as a new mom , i wanted to spend much time with baby , i took break from work but my mind became too lazy to get back work so i lost job .still my brain not yet all agree for try new job because of baby .I need much money to take care of entire family of 6 .I shame on my self why i thinking like this
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
My longtime partner revealed that they cheated on me during the pandemic and I've very very sad about it
My ex-partner told me yesterday that after being engaged for almost a year, he no longer wants to marry me and he moved out.
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
Friends do not want to hang out due to pandemic
I lost my aun a couple weeks ago
I have just lost my job, and am experiencing depression, as a result of financial worry.
covid 19 issues
CoVid has created a situation where I have to work from home all the time and I am unsure whether I will be employed next month
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday. I had been with her for years and now living life without her feels heart breaking.
I broke up with my girlfriend.
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
I seem to be failing my senior project by no fault of mine or very little fault of mine and proffessors do not want to hear about it.
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
I can not hang out with my friends due to COVID-19. I miss them a lot but they are high risk.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
Not having enough money to pay my bills.
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
I used to love my field of study, But soon after entering the university I started skipping the classes and failing. I lost my interest and there was nothing to motivate me.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
I am having a very hard time finding a job due to covid.
I feel depressed. I hate the holidays. I don't want to pretend to be happy around my family for christmas.
I have to give up my parrot because I am now blind and have to move. I cant take teh parrot with me.
They want me to work on a project with them. I agreed to it. Wondering how it will go.
Covid isolation has brought me down; i am used to socializing and traveling. i live alone, so my options are limited
A friend keeps talking lies
Since the pandemic started my once strong friendships have become weak. we barely talk. Even my daughters God mother is not as present. I am unsure how to fortified those connections.
trying to find a job with good hours
i was furloughed
Working as a teacher, I find it very hard to get students who don't care to engage with work. 90% of students are fine, but the other 10% are impossible as I have no support from management.
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
I asked my friend if she would go to the store with me because I was feeling down and overwhelmed with kids. She said she was too tired so she would have to pass this time. I was angry because I always support her when she is down or needs it. When I need it, she is nowhere to be seen. It's okay I guess for her to be depressed, but no one else can, because she has already monopolized that emotion. How can you ask someone for help when you are feeling depressed when they are depressed themselves?
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
My project ends soon and I will need to find other employment. I am worried that doesn't to Covid I will not be able to find work.
I have recently been diagnosed with cancer. I am currently undergoing chemo. The whole situation has caused my anxiety and depression to be so much worse.
breakup with partner
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
We had a staff appreciation day, but we all got drunk by the end of the day. So now I am worried my boss will judge me or fire me.
Fear of layoff from work
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years.
Friends do not want to hang out due to pandemic
My girlfriend broke up with me recently. Really not feeling it right now, especially since I could've dedicated more time to her after exams but she got fed up. I guess I'm just alone for Christmas.
My business is suffering because of the pandemic. I'm very worried I won't be able to pay my bills soon.
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
My ongoing depression is getting worse due to this pandemic.
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
breaking up cause husband cheating
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
My boyfriend broke up with me, but we live together and have roommates. Now he is turning the roommates against me.
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
Not really succeeding in college
With everything going on, my depression has taking a turn for the worst.
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
Due to this pandemic, I am worry for my future. Especially my job stability.
I broke up with my girlfriend.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I need to get straight A's to get into graduate school.
I am afraid of receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I feel that worried about my finances as I am tapping into my savings to feel afloat.
I don't know if I should continue with school right now and I am having a hard time making the decision.
I found out that my boss has not been paying me accurately. I am so upset because I don't know what to do. I feel like I should quit.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
I am recently divorced. My ex-husband has moved in with his new, much younger girlfriend and they are discussing marriage. Although I am happy the marriage is over, I'm depressed because I have not had any romantic offers while he has moved on with no problem.
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
I'm in depression because my exam is near and i can't finish my studies
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
Lay off from the job
i talk with my friendship
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
due to the corona virus we are all on reduced hours
My friend didn't like it that he dumped me. She told him he was an idiot to do that.
My boyfriend cheated on me a year ago but I just found out. It was with my best friend and I am so grossed out and mad.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
My friend's husband is spreading false rumors about me because my daughter moved up in soccer and his didn't. He is saying I'm having an affair with the coach, who is married! I am NOT and my daughter happens to be a much better soccer player. I do like his wife but this is unforgiveable.
I have to pass my test to pass the course. I'm am crazy nervous and can't sleep.
After a 2 years of relationship i broke up with my girlfriend. So she packed up her stuff and move away
my family neglected me
My dog died about a month ago and I've just been feeling very depressed. I can't move on yet.
Constant pain from back problems.
Life in general has been hard for me and my husband has been really sick for weeks now.
I am very anxious about loved ones with COVID right now and finances this close to the Holidays
alcoholism
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
police shootings of unarmed black people
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
I have a co worker that keeps going behind my back and trying to get things done without me knowing it.
Working four departments at once
Covid-19 has made me more depressed i miss being outside, traveling, hanging with my friends and be happy.
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
The holiday season has me down
covid
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
With everything going on, my depression has taking a turn for the worst.
I dont know what to do with out her.
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
I think I've drifted apart from a friend I've known since college because of the pandemic. We rarely communicate and the last time we did she tells me about the things she has been doing with her NEW friends.
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
I met Ivy a couple of years ago at the park. It only took one glimpse to feel my heart sparked. We kicked off things slowly, its been two years now. She confessed her love to me and I did the same. I was planning to propose to her when i found out she is pregnant with another mans child. I am broken, my future is no more and I feel my life is meaningless
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
realizing im almost done with current degree
I recently broke up with my boyfriend and I'm having a hard time because it's almost the holidays.
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
I’m feeling anxious about upcoming exam.
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
I recently had a baby and iam facing postpartum depression
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
lots of problems happening in my life so many family issues
I've had some degree of depression for a long time. Longer than this damn pandemic. I've always been a homebody but not leaving the house at all for almost three months was a lot. A lot has happened over the past year and I'm not sure how to handle it all. I feel alone even when there are people around.
as a new mom , i wanted to spend much time with baby , i took break from work but my mind became too lazy to get back work so i lost job .still my brain not yet all agree for try new job because of baby .I need much money to take care of entire family of 6 .I shame on my self why i thinking like this
I failed a few of my midterms and now I'm very apprehensive about my finals.
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
Me and my best friend are drifting apart. She never seems to want to hang out anymore.
Because of my classes going completely online, it's been incredibly hard for me to keep up in my classes. Because of this, my grades are falling dramatically and I'm afraid that I won't be able to continue in college if next semester is also like this. I've tried reaching out to my professors, but most of them have been unhelpful with my situation.
My friends are going out to the bar without me tonight.
facing a breakup with the partner..
My girlfriend of ten years run away on our wedding day
Fear of layoff from work
bad experiences with others
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
NO MOTIVATION
I just lost my job of seven years and am anxious about finding a new one during the holidays in a pandemic.
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
My boyfriend broke up with me, but we live together and have roommates. Now he is turning the roommates against me.
Being unemployed, working online and barely paying the bills. Between rent, food bills. I am barely getting by. Some weeks can't even afford food shopping. So I live off a big bag of rice and pasta and beans. Not even $200 a month is left after bills.
I married a divorcee. She was not honest with me. I felt sympathy about her previous marriage. She was not honest about her real problems. She treated me horribly. I had to leave.
I have a final in my class tomorrow, and if I don't get at least a B on the exam I might not pass the class.
I want to move out of my state with my boyfriend and I think I would want to leave earlier than May. How do I tell him?
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
I am recently divorced. My ex-husband has moved in with his new, much younger girlfriend and they are discussing marriage. Although I am happy the marriage is over, I'm depressed because I have not had any romantic offers while he has moved on with no problem.
recently i lost my job
My colleagues are always talking about me behind
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
I just can't seem to unwind at night.
My sister-in-law is a horrible person, and she's harrassing me for jewelery from my mom, who just died.
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
I just found out that my job has to make cuts and layoffs, and I am worried about my job and my colleague's jobs.
I am very nervous about my fianl paper.
I fear that I might never be loved again. I feel so lonely.
Haven't been able to find a companion for years, loneliness has driven me to depression.
My uncle passed away a couple of days ago and I have really been going through it because I have lost 5 other family members this year
i have depression because recently i lost my job
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
I have to find a higher paying job but it has been a while since I worked full time.
friends trying to let me down
I broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. I've been feeling lonely ever since.
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
I'm kind of just generally feeling seasonal depression as I don't feel happy,
COVID-19 has completely ruined my family's travel plans. Instead of travelling to see them, we have to stay home.
I let the best lady in the world get away from me.
I have been suffering from depression for many years due to emotional trauma
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
I get to hurting so bad in my lower back that it upsets me and then I take it out on the one's around me.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
I'm about to lose my job because my company is not able to negotiate my existing contract and I'm unable to secure another job. I feel anxiety on what to do and next steps to take.
I am alone and have no friends.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
girlfriend broke my heart
i have depression because recently i lost my job
I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I interviewed for.
My husband keeps wasting money and we are having a hard time making ends meet. We'd be fine if he didn't overspend, but he's addicted to it.
Remote working is unfavorable
I have to pass my test to pass the course. I'm am crazy nervous and can't sleep.
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
We've been together for a long time and he decided to call it quits.
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
I can't stop eating at work
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
cant get araise but rent went up
This pandemic has me depressed everyday and the drugs are not helping, before something else happens to me or I do something stupid, help.....
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused me to be depressed. I am sad because there is nowhere we can go. We have to stay home and that is getting depressing. My husband and I want to travel but we can't. We are retired and feel as though our lives are being destroyed.
Some former friends of mine have remained friends with a person who abused me and stood up for them in court.
Current partner cheated on me in the past and I think he is doing it again.
I broke up with my girlfriend since we didn't have chemistry and now I feel alone.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
My pet died last week and I also failed my exam
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
I think I need to break up with my girlfriend because my feelings have changed
i shared somethng with my best ffirend and she betrayed me
I miss my friends.
I am suffering from health anxiety and staying home and aftiad of going out
My manager has decided that everyone will continue to work from home nearly 100% of the time after the pandemic is under control. (Prior to the pandemic, most of us only had one work-from-home day a week.) I really love the work I do, but I've been experiencing depression this past year largely due to my lack of human contact throughout the work day.
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
I quit my full time job as an Administrative Assistant in August 2020 becuase my job did not following Covid-19 roles set up by the State in which I live in. I am struggling to find a job that is WFH since August.
I am having lot of stress due to my upcoming exams.
My friend thinks I put her second ever since I had children and she no longer wants to continue our 13 year friendship
I'm in depression because my exam is near and i can't finish my studies
i don't understand the course
My company fired 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I am going to be in the next round.
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
i'm in depression because recently i lost my job
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
i have no friends
I feel like my friends don't care about me at all. When we get together all they want to do is talk about their lives. When I raise something that is bothering me they just make some trite response and then move back to what they want to talk about.
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
found out my fiance was cheating on me
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
i'm in depression because recently i lost my job
I just broke up with my boyfriend. I am really depressed and lonely now.
I have to find a higher paying job but it has been a while since I worked full time.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
I found out my partner was cheating on me and I just feel betrayed and heartbroken.
I've suffered from depression since I was a kid but since the pandemic started it's harder to find the motivation to go on, to go about my day, to get out of bed, etc.
I am on short term disability and I am afraid I will lose my job if I don't go back soon.
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
I am currently studying for an exam that I need to do for work.
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
Trying to complete my senior year
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
My curly hair is so unruly
I cheated on my boyfriend and I don't want to tell him. I feel really bad because he is a great person.
i couldnt sleep because my neighbors were partying and playing loud music
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
covid
I lost my job and very distressed about it
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
I'm kind of just generally feeling seasonal depression as I don't feel happy,
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
I am angry because my friend judged me for not buying my nephew a birthday gift.
not communicative all of a sudden, not wanting to speak over phone too
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
Friends that I used to trust and they broke up the trust.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
The pandemic is causing my company to close. I am now going to be searching for a job in a saturated market!
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
just everyday life
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
My dog died about a month ago and I've just been feeling very depressed. I can't move on yet.
Not having enough friends nearby. My three nearby friends went away for holidays, so I have no one to spend time with over this weekend.
lose job
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
I am unable to work at my job anymore due to a poor supervisor who made my work much more difficult.
My friend who's a year ahead of me in school is looking at jobs in an entirely different part of the country that I was looking at grad schools in, but she expects me to follow her there, which had previously been our plan.
My best friend is addicted to meth
I was given reduced hours at work and there might be a chance I could get laid off because I just started and there is lack of work. However, my expenses are the same and income is reducing.
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
I keep having dreams that I've forgotten to go to one of my classes and I won't graduate on time.
I can't stand him!!!
i cheated on her
Friends that I used to trust and they broke up the trust.
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
covid depression
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
I'm worried I will never find love again and I'm not getting any younger
Car accident led to traumatic brain injury and PTSD having nightmares 2x a week.
NO MOTIVATION
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
I have a friend that has admitted that she was using heroin. She got help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if she is really off the heroin. I will talk to her and it is like she gets sleepy and nods off. I have talked to her and she gets mad and denies and says I am not supporting her getting help and that this is why addicts go back to drugs because they are always accused.
I broke up with my partner.
I see a text message from my ex-wife's phone that states "you look sexier now that you did this morning." I was the major sign that my marriage was in trouble and why would my wife cheat on me.
My girlfriend and I broke up due to all the fights we were having. It was mutual but it was still sad. I felt as if my life had ended and everything was in black and white. I was sad for a year afterwards.
I broke up with my girlfriend.
My ex-boyfriend broke up with me because I was too jealous and I didn't trust him
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
My job terminated a lot of people recently and I am afraid that they will do that again and I may lose my job if that happens
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
The holidays always make me sad.
I was used as a rebound for someone that I thought I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
I broke up with a guy. I still talk to him. He might want me back-not sure. There is another guy who is interested in me now, However he's going through a divorce and keeps putting off seeing me.
I lost my job and very distressed about it
I've been feeling low for the last few months, and have been finding it hard to sleep at night.
My friend decided to leave her husband to pursue a woman and I don't support her.
I'm breaking up with my partner tomorrow and I'm so anxious.
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
CoVid has created a situation where I have to work from home all the time and I am unsure whether I will be employed next month
I thought I was going to marry my girlfriend but then she ended up cheating on me. It broke my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust a girl again.
My account went into the negative this morning.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
i shared somethng with my best ffirend and she betrayed me
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
I am struggling with my law school exam prep. I'm not sure if I can make it through law school
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
Depression is currently taking a toll on my life. This pandemic is stressing me out.
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
I drank too much and don't remember what happened last night.
i talk with my friendship
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
I am worry about lost the job during this pandemic.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
My husband keeps putting me down and calling me names
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused me to be depressed. I am sad because there is nowhere we can go. We have to stay home and that is getting depressing. My husband and I want to travel but we can't. We are retired and feel as though our lives are being destroyed.
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
I have to give a presentation at work after completing a course and am fearful as I've had a bad experience in the past
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
Pretty down with the lack of securing a job and improving my finaces.
Removed from my job - apparently only because of my age - no longer doing meaningful work.
my friend betrayed because she thought i wanted to snatch her boyfriend from her.
Fear of layoff from job
My supervisor recently resigned from my organization and I am worried that I cannot step up and fill her role. I want that role too!
I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
I'm breaking up with my partner tomorrow and I'm so anxious.
i feel like my life is in a rut
Just lost my job. Don't know how to continue with my lifestyle.
I have a great friend that has died of corona virus. I am shattered because I could not see her in her last moments or go to her funeral. All we had was facetime. She was only 35 with severe asthma. I am reeling. This happened two weeks ago and my sadness and depression is overwhelming. How can I get over this?
I can't fall asleep as my mind races at night
I am separated from my wife and in the middle of a PhD program and am using alcohol to numb the pain.
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
Not really succeeding in college
My Board of Directors is going around me to my staff.
I lost my job and very distressed about it
I am very depressed. I always have been. I don't know how to fix it. I've tried therapy and medicine but they don't seem to work.
My sister-in-law is a horrible person, and she's harrassing me for jewelery from my mom, who just died.
I always make my goals ealry and every so often before an breakthrough I make the best cut I can get. I want to make myself less suscepatable to self sabotage and intrusions.
daily stresses
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
I am depressed because my girlfriend is thinking about leaving me.
Misunderstanding with friend
My coworker is constantly telling me what to do like she is my boss. I told her about it and she still does it. I cannot make a move without criticism or a comment on how to do it her way. I how to do my job and it angers me when she expects me to do it her way.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
I was homeless. I had to leave a place I loved. It was mentally a bad state.
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
Iam facing a lot of academic pressure to coplete the degree on time..
breakup with partner
I am trying to complete my Master's degree while having to help my children learn virtually because of the pandemic. Managing my time has not been easy.
Working four departments at once
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
Ever since the insurgent of Covid-19 ,I was hit hard when I was relieved from my full-time job for a non justifiable reason. I blame it to Covid because business was slow and it affected production. I was so frustrated and I didn't know what next to do as I had past due bills and family to take care of. I started applying for government benefits none was fast coming forth and requires a lot of processing time. I later got a part-time job that the pay was low and i could not put up with the bills .it was really tough. I almost went into depression but I did not give up home. Recently I got a full-time job but I have been scared and anxious because they keep laying off employees weekly. I wouldn't want to go through the terrible situation I had last time.
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
I have been getting low grades lately and am scared I will be thrown out of my University.
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
I'm failing my classes and I'm on scholarship
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
friend has possible COVID and going to hospital today for tests
I feel hopeless. Sometimes I just want to end my life. It isn't worth it.
I am breaking up with my spouse
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
I keep putting of my work because I'm afraid i'll fail at it. I just need to process the data, but I don't know why I keep putting it off. I feel angry at myself
Not being able to visit parents for Thanksgiving because of Covid.
My wife of 6 years decided one day last week she wanted to end things. This comes after finding out we cannot have anymore children. So its a combination of the 2.
I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
I have so much homework that I can't keep up and I dont feel motivated in my classes because im so behind.
I broke up with my girlfriend since we didn't have chemistry and now I feel alone.
Not having enough money to pay my bills.
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
My boyfriend cheated on me a year ago but I just found out. It was with my best friend and I am so grossed out and mad.
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
My close friend committed a mistake. I truly informed her and argued to rectify the mistake. But she opposed and tried to avoid me and she scolded me more. Moreover she told all our friends that I am doing jealously and it was irritating her. This event make me very depressed.
I am scared to leave my town, I got new job in California
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
breakup with lover
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
COVID-19 made me lose my beautiful job which I admire a lot and I am searching for another one which is not fort coming. Please what can I do now?
I went and spent so much money on xmas gifts and now I don't know how I can pay the credit cards off
Work at restaurant as assistant manager. Manager got fired and company asked me to take over position without a pay raise then skipped the promotion and hired a new manager.
I am depressed due to covid pandemic.
I failed a few of my midterms and now I'm very apprehensive about my finals.
My girlfriend broke up with me recently. Really not feeling it right now, especially since I could've dedicated more time to her after exams but she got fed up. I guess I'm just alone for Christmas.
I got fired from my job during the pandemic, I don't know if I'll be able to find another job.
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
My family have lost confidence in me due to my alcoholism. I want to stop but don't know how. I have tried before but some things I go through make me go back. What can I do?
My best friend is addicted to meth
Constant feeling that I might be laid off. I really like my job and it pays good. I have a family and cannot afford to lose job. It will be super hard for me to find new job. I just never know then and if I get laid off. I work in cruise industry and it has been few tough months.
breakup with my lover
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
Depression is currently taking a toll on my life. This pandemic is stressing me out.
I need a job but finding one that doesn't require weekends is almost impossible. There are no day cares in my area that watch kids on the weekend so that is another delima.
my boss does not care about my and there is no guidance complete ignorance due to the fact that I am a female in a male domain
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
I have been sad for a while now but lately due to not being able to find a job, i am feeling very low
breaking up cause husband cheating
my team lead give me a assignment during holiday but i can't do that
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
My wife of 6 years decided one day last week she wanted to end things. This comes after finding out we cannot have anymore children. So its a combination of the 2.
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
i keep feeling as though i'm not doing well. i have a job but i don't seem to be very good at it and i don't want to lose it. i am fearful that i will
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
Me and my friend got into an argument and are not in speaking terms
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
I am worried I do not play the politics game well enough for the growth I want.
My girlfriend of ten years run away on our wedding day
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
Ongoing anxiety about small things but seem to be much bigger in my head.
I've been feeling low for the last few months, and have been finding it hard to sleep at night.
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
I just can't seem to get motivated to do anything, I feel like I have nothing to live for.
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
i and this lady went on a date last week, we were both in love and so i asked her out on our first date.... she told me yes the next day slept over at her place and we had sex... after a week she started behaving strange.. by the time i called her so we could talk she said she doesn't love me anymore
I am very depressed. I always have been. I don't know how to fix it. I've tried therapy and medicine but they don't seem to work.
trying to find a job with good hours
I keep failing my classes and cannot seem to catch up
I just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
My job doesnt value me
pressure of applying for fellowship
I feel depressed. I hate the holidays. I don't want to pretend to be happy around my family for christmas.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
I had some recent car trouble and the problem has gotten worse. It has caused the mechanic bill to get bigger and bigger and I don't know how I am going to pay for it.
I am extremely bored and under stimulated without being in school or working.
my husband cheated on me and i want to divirce him
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
Loss of job and the pandemic
My President of the Board is not very good.
CoVid has created a situation where I have to work from home all the time and I am unsure whether I will be employed next month
My job doesnt value me
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
High expectations at work and little time to complete them
I have been out of work and my father passed now we have to move to a smaller house and I am my mothers care giver
Since covid I havent been doing as well in school. I'm very upset and ashamed at my self
I was in the store and there were two other women. They were whispering to each other and looking at me. I could hear a couple words and they were making fun of my hair and the way I dress. People just don't accept me. It's hard to feel so different.
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
My girlfriend and I broke up due to all the fights we were having. It was mutual but it was still sad. I felt as if my life had ended and everything was in black and white. I was sad for a year afterwards.
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
My boyfriend left me for another person. I loved him so much, and I just can't seem to get over him
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
My father will not talk to me anymore because he is obsessed with Trump. So I call him out, and he now does not speak to or acknowledge me. We have been close until this happened, it struck me as bizarre.
I feel disgusted by the way my teenage daughter dresses up. She wears very tight and revealing clothing. I have tried before to talk to her about modesty but she continues to dress that way.
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
school keeps dragging on and it's getting very tough to continue
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
I had my heart set on a Veterinary Technology program at a particular school and I just found out that I won't be able to apply in time. I feel like I have to reassess my future plans.
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
Covid 19 and not being able to see my friends and family
She dumped me months ago, but I can't get over her. Other women just don't appeal to me.
My job shut down due to COVID and I've lost a lot of income.
Remote working is unfavorable
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
My manager has decided that everyone will continue to work from home nearly 100% of the time after the pandemic is under control. (Prior to the pandemic, most of us only had one work-from-home day a week.) I really love the work I do, but I've been experiencing depression this past year largely due to my lack of human contact throughout the work day.
my best friend became phys-co and torturing all his friends by blackmailing all photos with him.he started with me also i got so much fear and issues
struggling with my demons
I have finals coming up soon and I also have a lot of other stuff going on in my life and I am very stressed.
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
Going to lose my job in January, not sure what to do about that.
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
Quit job due to stress. Trying to find a good job that is remote and not soul numbing has been hard. I just want to be a stay at home person. I have anxiety about job search.
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
i talk with my friendship
Me and my friend got into an argument and are not in speaking terms
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
Quit job due to stress. Trying to find a good job that is remote and not soul numbing has been hard. I just want to be a stay at home person. I have anxiety about job search.
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
Constant feeling that I might be laid off. I really like my job and it pays good. I have a family and cannot afford to lose job. It will be super hard for me to find new job. I just never know then and if I get laid off. I work in cruise industry and it has been few tough months.
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
COVID-19. has me needing people more.
I lost friend as she does not reach out to me anymore and wonder why.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
no specific event to describe
In my youthful exuberance for entertainment, I had ditched study plans with my high school friend while we were in college to go play video games with some of my new college friends. After this event, I lost my high school friends
i cheated on her
Since COVID-19 I've been trying to help my parents by giving them advice. I tell them to avoid large crowds due to my dad being on Oxygen at night. He doesn't want to listen and goes places without caring. I'm very anxious about him getting sick.
I'm stressed about my final grades and ongoing pressure to do well academically. I don't know how to motivate myself, as I'm too afraid of the outcome.
i cant do well in school and they mock me
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
I am feeling very upset and sad that I had to break up with my girlfriend. I want some help with my sad meotions.
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
I think that i am gaining weight and hard as i try I can not keep it off and i am getting vry put down.
Constantly arguing with my best friend, we never see eye to eye on important things on my life.
I lost my job Due to COVID-19 , I really work hard for the company for past five years but they just through out from the company.
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
I am angry because I think my husband is controlling but he says I dont understand what controlling is
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
I love my friends. But sometimes I feel as if I can't really be myself around them without being judged for doing something. I've known them for quite a long time now. I don't know if i am just being sensitive or what, but I feel like I'm the one that gets bullied in the friend group.
I am struggling with my law school exam prep. I'm not sure if I can make it through law school
trying to find a job with good hours
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
I don't like any of my friends. In fact, I don't think I like anyone.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
My friends are always leaving me out of activities.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
I am alone and have no friends.
I am falling in love with a friend who doesn't return any feelings like this.
I have a co worker that keeps going behind my back and trying to get things done without me knowing it.
I feel that my friends do not really like me much and do not want to meet me
She dumped me months ago, but I can't get over her. Other women just don't appeal to me.
covid no work
Anxiety about losing my job
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
I was in the store and there were two other women. They were whispering to each other and looking at me. I could hear a couple words and they were making fun of my hair and the way I dress. People just don't accept me. It's hard to feel so different.
I have to give up my parrot because I am now blind and have to move. I cant take teh parrot with me.
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
