A co-worker continues to usurp my authority and interfere with my duties / responsibilities.
constant fighting
I did a very disgusting thing, I dated online without know, who is she, she tricked me with her naked pictures and I fell into her hand by sent 4000 dollar to her
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
JUST LOST A FRIEND , A VERY CLOSE TIGHT FRIEND THAT WAS ALWAYS THERE FOR ME
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
friend has possible COVID and going to hospital today for tests
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
I am nervous and anxious about my status with my friends. I am not sure what I mean to them and if I am easily replaceable.
I don't have enough money to pay bills. I am so scared. I need help.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
i have an exam coming up and i have not studied and its too late to cover the course work
covid
I was homeless. I had to leave a place I loved. It was mentally a bad state.
I have a final exam coming up and I am really worried about how I will perform.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
I can't seem to make any friends - always left on my own and no-one to talk to
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
I just lost my job of seven years and am anxious about finding a new one during the holidays in a pandemic.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
My best friend has been very demanding, and I'm very upset.
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
My ex-partner told me yesterday that after being engaged for almost a year, he no longer wants to marry me and he moved out.
I'm feeling very lonely lately and I don't have many friends to turn to. This makes me sad because I've always had only a few friends but now they have families and kids and I feel more alone than ever.
realizing im almost done with current degree
My best friend's son died in a car accident.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
i'm very sad because my friend doesn't want to talk with me
pet died
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
My son had heart surgery this year and is in the midst of being diagnosed with CP. I work with a lot of people and am terrified I could catch COVID and it will kill him.
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
Husband left me for someone else.
Its really sad that with todays COVID crisis we are no longer able to enjoy daily normal life. We are not able to mingle and meet our family and friends. We are stuck in our homes during this unprecedented time.
I only have two weeks left to make major revisions to my scientific paper that was recently submitted to a journal. I am freaking out.
I have a co worker that keeps going behind my back and trying to get things done without me knowing it.
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
Pretty down with the lack of securing a job and improving my finaces.
my friend has a new friend
I have just realized I will never be able to afford a real house for my family and feel horrible,
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
My husband abandoned me and my kids
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
I am worried about failing my college math exams and being kicked out of school.
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
Friends keep calling my face ugly
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
Well we are at different places in our lives. My partner wants to leave to go to another state to be with her cousin. I want to stay around the family we have here already.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
My grandfather's brother passed away a few days ago and I'm depressed because of it.
My friends will not even call me half the time even though I am always calling them and trying to get together.
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
I recently broke-up with my boyfriend. We were together 5 years.
I have a large test and don't feel prepared
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
Having been having panic attacks more often now that we are in quarantined
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
I just don't really feel enthused about anything right now. I feel like I can't make any future plans, and that I don't have anything to look forward to.
I've recently lost my job due to the covid situation and my funds are dwindling by the day while we've been out into another lockdown
I left my home due to income reduction, and live with sibling.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
Because of my classes going completely online, it's been incredibly hard for me to keep up in my classes. Because of this, my grades are falling dramatically and I'm afraid that I won't be able to continue in college if next semester is also like this. I've tried reaching out to my professors, but most of them have been unhelpful with my situation.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
I just lost my job of seven years and am anxious about finding a new one during the holidays in a pandemic.
getting new year present for my parent
I am upset with my best friend over the results of the election. We generally agree not to discuss politics, but the controversy over Biden's win over Trump has us split. I am angry that she keeps bringing it up.
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday. I had been with her for years and now living life without her feels heart breaking.
My grandfather's brother passed away a few days ago and I'm depressed because of it.
I went and spent so much money on xmas gifts and now I don't know how I can pay the credit cards off
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
I got fired from my job during the pandemic, I don't know if I'll be able to find another job.
I can't stand him!!!
fighting with my husband all the time and not seeing eye to eye. felling unwanted and unloved
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
I suffer from chronic depression and stress due to a number of factors. Currently, life is very overwhelming with medical issues plaguing myself, my husband and our two children. I can't catch a break and I'm feeling overwhelmed.
Not sure if I should go back to school during covid. IT would be remote so physically there is no danger.
My friends suck at being friends. They use me, ignore me, and i'm only a benefit for them.
My partner said he loved me and led me on. Then he went to cheat on me after one year of pretending he truly loved me. I am so sad and lonely and he is always with friends. It just isn't fair.
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
I was in the store and there were two other women. They were whispering to each other and looking at me. I could hear a couple words and they were making fun of my hair and the way I dress. People just don't accept me. It's hard to feel so different.
Ex girlfriend issues.
I was raped by my first boyfriend when I was thirteen years old.
I failed my Finals and now I am on academic probation. I am afraid I will be expelled.
Depression about pandemic
My biological sister has major issues is trying to turn my family against because of an argument we had 4 years ago
My company is cutting salaries next year because of the pandemic, with potential for layoffs
I am dealing with a COVID-19 quarantining situation. Can't interact with family and friends. Wife is super paranoid about the virus.
MY Son-in-Law is treating our daughter and Grandaughter indifferent, gaslighting and treats the dog better.
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
related to the current pandemic
Ever since the insurgent of Covid-19 ,I was hit hard when I was relieved from my full-time job for a non justifiable reason. I blame it to Covid because business was slow and it affected production. I was so frustrated and I didn't know what next to do as I had past due bills and family to take care of. I started applying for government benefits none was fast coming forth and requires a lot of processing time. I later got a part-time job that the pay was low and i could not put up with the bills .it was really tough. I almost went into depression but I did not give up home. Recently I got a full-time job but I have been scared and anxious because they keep laying off employees weekly. I wouldn't want to go through the terrible situation I had last time.
in this covid time , my job in trouble .I tested covid positive and unble to attended my office hours fro 2 months .My manager thought i joined another company but i was not yet all healthy to do any job .And i became pregnant in this covid time .I scaring how can i handle baby and job .I need much money but my manager not agree to give job
covid stress
They didn't invite me for the party for an special event
For a long time I have struggled with depression
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
ongoing depression every day . It s hard to even get out of bed
worried about losing my job
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
i have discontinued my studies due to financial problems. i feel like i am depressed lately.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I interviewed for.
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
I have just lost my job, and am experiencing depression, as a result of financial worry.
I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I interviewed for.
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
I just feel generally down.
I just feel generally down.
I feel I am getting looked over for a promotion/raise at work and it is causing anxiety and fear that I don’t have longevity at my company and that I’m not being valued.
i have a sleep problem past one month.night time i can not sleep.some of fear i fell everyday night time
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
Being stuck at home all day with 3 kid and barely able to leave the house. I am feeling so overwhelmed and exhausted.
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
I'm kind of just generally feeling seasonal depression as I don't feel happy,
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
A few days ago I fell walking down some stairs and chipped my two front teeth and also broke my foot. I need to get surgery on my foot, and get my teeth fixed at the dentist with a couple crowns.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
my best friend became phys-co and torturing all his friends by blackmailing all photos with him.he started with me also i got so much fear and issues
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
College finals are next week and I have been sic so I gave them been able to study like I wanted to.
Covid-19 has made me more depressed i miss being outside, traveling, hanging with my friends and be happy.
I'm in depression because my kids not listen to me.
pet died
Distance learning is difficult. I'm having trouble with school and my grades seem to be dropping.
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
when i lost my job and i was at home for long time due to no job i felt very shame on me and eat lot and gained much weight so i felt so lonely and no job no body structure no boy friend .i am literally nothing
I have been overloaded with school work recently. I failed my first exam earlier this week and I am stressed and anxious about my exams later in the week.
My husband keeps putting me down and calling me names
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
no specific event to describe
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
Covid 20 is now in situation.This makes me fear.We couldnt predict our future.
feel alone. have no one to talk to about things. feel depressed,sad,hopeless. on top of feeling depressed i am also stressed out about my finances
I fear that I will not have a job next year, at the beginning of the year. My emotions are in survival mode and I do not want to do anything or buy anything from this fear
I was pulled off of a project I had been on for 6 months. Last week I was transferred to a new team and all of the hard work I had put in for 6 months was given to another engineer to finish. The reason I was given was that my skills would be better used on this other team because they were behind on their project.
My sister-in-law is a horrible person, and she's harrassing me for jewelery from my mom, who just died.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
I have recently been diagnosed with cancer. I am currently undergoing chemo. The whole situation has caused my anxiety and depression to be so much worse.
Covid-19 has made me more depressed i miss being outside, traveling, hanging with my friends and be happy.
I'm breaking up with my partner tomorrow and I'm so anxious.
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
My health is crazy and I may have to face a major surgery. I have a severe auto immune disorder and even though I've had it for 8 years you never get used to it.
I have broken up with my partner of two years, she is amazing but I ended it as I thought my feelings had changed. I broke her heart but now I think I want her back but in afraid she might have moved on.
I have been suffering from depression for many years due to emotional trauma
I recently broke up with my boyfriend and I'm having a hard time because it's almost the holidays.
I had a situation which is actually forced me to break up with my partner. It gives me pain. However I strongly believed that my partner would feel about this. But he just took it easy. This hurts me a lot.
I dont know what to do with out her.
Ilost my home when my partner died. He had changed the will and I didn't know.
There is an event that happened about 5 years ago that I think started this emotion for me.It is ongoing and has affected all parts of my life.
A friend keeps talking lies
friends trying to let me down
academic pressures
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for my job.
I can't seem to make any friends - always left on my own and no-one to talk to
I need to make more money right now to support myself, But I love my job and I am scared to leave it. And start over.
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
its hard for me to find a job
My friends will not even call me half the time even though I am always calling them and trying to get together.
My partner said he loved me and led me on. Then he went to cheat on me after one year of pretending he truly loved me. I am so sad and lonely and he is always with friends. It just isn't fair.
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
Just the virus and loneliness. Isolation
a friend is going in for quadruple bypass surgery
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
i cheated on her
It is not well to do better information for gather with my friends and they irritated me.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
I'm worried about being perfect on my job.
I am depressed staying at home due to COVID.
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
my family neglected me
i have no friends
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
covid no work
i'm in depression because recently i lost my job
I have been sad for a while now but lately due to not being able to find a job, i am feeling very low
I am alone and have no friends.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
My sister-in-law is a horrible person, and she's harrassing me for jewelery from my mom, who just died.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
My boyfriend broke up with me in a facebook story. He won't tell me why. He won't return my calls or answer my messages. I think it is because I posted something (innocent) that made him jealous. But he is being so cruel. He posts many sad songs to make it seem like he is so hurt by me, but he won't even speak with me. I can't eat or sleep. I'm losing my mind.
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
I have a co worker that keeps going behind my back and trying to get things done without me knowing it.
My mom died almost 2 years ago. Due to anxiety, i have a long term boyfriend but no other friends so i was pretty close with my mom. i miss her desperately
Husband left me for someone else.
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
I was fired.
I'm worried about being perfect on my job.
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
School's going badly. I really wish I had chosen a different major.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
what ever i study, i am not able to remember the contents which is necessary for my academic tests
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
i cheated on her
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
I have just realized I will never be able to afford a real house for my family and feel horrible,
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
I’m feeling anxious about the pandemic and current economic conditions.
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
I lost my job in January. Because of my health, I am afraid of taking a job outside home. So I am trying to make money on MTurk and YouTube.
its hard for me to find a job
I am very depressed and i dont know what to do
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I am very depressed. I always have been. I don't know how to fix it. I've tried therapy and medicine but they don't seem to work.
i don't understand the course
cant get araise but rent went up
I learned that my friend's husband was shot and killed over a drug deal. He was high at the time. My daughter carpools with his daughter every day and he was often the driver. Was he high when he was driving her around? I don't know how to act around my friend. Did she know?
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
Christmas is coming up and I've been having a terrible time finding a job.
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
My friend is a lier and a cheater. I know it.
I have lost my job because of COVID19
pandemic and family stress
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
i c ant beleive how some of my friends voted
school keeps dragging on and it's getting very tough to continue
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
I'm so worried about breaking up with my boyfriend that I'm shaking.
I was used as a rebound for someone that I thought I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.
I cheated on my boyfriend and I don't want to tell him. I feel really bad because he is a great person.
I failed a few of my midterms and now I'm very apprehensive about my finals.
During the past 2.5 years I have been sober, my mentor along the way turned into my very best friend and now the love of my life...but I am married, and so is she...and I have absolutely no one i can talk to now about this.
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
My friends suck at being friends. They use me, ignore me, and i'm only a benefit for them.
I'm disgusted that the professors don't see me as a human with real emotions and feelings.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
academic pressure
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I need to make more money right now to support myself, But I love my job and I am scared to leave it. And start over.
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
My Board of Directors is going around me to my staff.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
I have naturally suffer from clinical depression
I'm about to lose my job because my company is not able to negotiate my existing contract and I'm unable to secure another job. I feel anxiety on what to do and next steps to take.
lack of job has been a problem
My manager has decided that everyone will continue to work from home nearly 100% of the time after the pandemic is under control. (Prior to the pandemic, most of us only had one work-from-home day a week.) I really love the work I do, but I've been experiencing depression this past year largely due to my lack of human contact throughout the work day.
My friend thinks I put her second ever since I had children and she no longer wants to continue our 13 year friendship
My husband and I are having a hard time communicating.
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
I was in a relationship with the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen or been with. We have been dating for about 3 years and I was planning on spending the rest of my life with her. But I eventually lost her and everything all in a matter of months.
These mofos are trying to charge me an "administrative processing fee" for helping gather some supplies!! Taxin' my packages man!
I am angry because I think my husband is controlling but he says I dont understand what controlling is
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
my girlfriend was break up with me i found out that she was cheating on me
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
there are me and my friend open some new company in my village. the company is run by one year than start the problem in partner ship. he is lie to me the account is not clear in every field so i will very anxiety with my partner
My friend's husband is spreading false rumors about me because my daughter moved up in soccer and his didn't. He is saying I'm having an affair with the coach, who is married! I am NOT and my daughter happens to be a much better soccer player. I do like his wife but this is unforgiveable.
I am very anxious about loved ones with COVID right now and finances this close to the Holidays
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
constant fighting
My close friend committed a mistake. I truly informed her and argued to rectify the mistake. But she opposed and tried to avoid me and she scolded me more. Moreover she told all our friends that I am doing jealously and it was irritating her. This event make me very depressed.
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
My partner is abusing me for not earning money..I feel like ending my life instead of all the abuses being faced in life.
I have recently broke up with my girlfriend which has caused me great sadness
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
Constantly arguing with my best friend, we never see eye to eye on important things on my life.
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
My ex partner is harassing me and will not stop talking to my friends and family.
I feel hopeless. Sometimes I just want to end my life. It isn't worth it.
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
I keep procrastinating cleaning, doing crafts, etc, stuff that I want to do and to get done, but that I seem to be unmotivated to do. It's frustrating.
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
My partner broke up with me. He cheated on me.
I am worried about failing my college math exams and being kicked out of school.
Recently divorced my husband of eight years after finding out he married another women overseas.
I think I need to break up with my girlfriend because my feelings have changed
I have been overloaded with school work recently. I failed my first exam earlier this week and I am stressed and anxious about my exams later in the week.
My partner broke up with me and I'm really upset about this we've been together for 4 years and all of a sudden they decided that they didn't want to continue the relationship
My three years relationship ended last week , he betrayed me he had another affair , we discussed and break up . He misused my credit card he took my all money. he spreading fake news about me in social media.
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
Covid 20 is now in situation.This makes me fear.We couldnt predict our future.
I keep failing my tests
My colleagues are always talking about me behind
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
Fear about losing a job
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
My roommate says she wants me to move out.
Since COVID-19 I've been trying to help my parents by giving them advice. I tell them to avoid large crowds due to my dad being on Oxygen at night. He doesn't want to listen and goes places without caring. I'm very anxious about him getting sick.
eviction
fight with the partner
Everything was going crazy in the world with COVID. I was worried about my daughter and her education. Then suddenly, I lose a lot of my hours at work and have to quit one of my jobs due to the virus and becoming her main caretaker again. This really makes me nervous because the price of everything is continually going up and I have little excess money to spend.
loss of job
I am mad at my professor for giving me a 0 on a test.
I fear disappointing my parents.
I feel that my friends do not really like me much and do not want to meet me
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
Husband left me for someone else.
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday. I had been with her for years and now living life without her feels heart breaking.
Time of the year when family is not around
I was homeless. I had to leave a place I loved. It was mentally a bad state.
I am alone and have no friends.
My partner is abusing me for not earning money..I feel like ending my life instead of all the abuses being faced in life.
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
I recently broke up with my boyfriend and I'm having a hard time because it's almost the holidays.
Every day is a struggle, I wake up feeling hopeless, and I am having really bad anxiety attacks that I can't calm down from.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
the pandemic
crippling homework and procrastination i cant keep up in class
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
my friend stud me up for a weekend trip cost was then all on me and she has been badmouthing me ever since. Saying I am the bad person because of a voicemail left her
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
Lost my job in the lockdown
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
I am isolated due to covid and don't see the situation getting better any time soon.
Recently divorced my husband of eight years after finding out he married another women overseas.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
My colleagues are always talking about me behind
ongoing depression every day . It s hard to even get out of bed
I am losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for work right now
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
I'm worried about being perfect on my job.
girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me
My kids are driving me crazy now that we are all having to work and school our kids from home. My husband and I both work from home now because of Corona. My 15 year old boy and 8 year old girl argue after they finish schooling and my husband and I are still working. It is starting to interrupt the quality of our work, Any suggestions? They are going crazy since the emergence of the Corona Virus.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
I recently left my job because of a toxic environment but now I'm having trouble finding another and I'm running out of money.
Not sure if I should go back to school during covid. IT would be remote so physically there is no danger.
I just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
I am drinkin beers almost every day
recently i lost my job
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
suicide
I lost my job due to the fact my employer could not make a medical exemption for me. My wife works part-time now but I need to try to make money on the side so I can watch my daughter.
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
My friend's husband is spreading false rumors about me because my daughter moved up in soccer and his didn't. He is saying I'm having an affair with the coach, who is married! I am NOT and my daughter happens to be a much better soccer player. I do like his wife but this is unforgiveable.
I always feel like the way I look does not live up to the expectations of those close to me. This makes me very anxious when I go to meet with them.
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
My husband and I are having a hard time communicating.
My friends suck at being friends. They use me, ignore me, and i'm only a benefit for them.
just everyday life
Ive been trying to get with some of friends to hang out maybe just for a couple hours just to catch up. But no-one seems like they want to be bothered due to covid. But the other day I called this particularly person and she said that they were all out having lunch, So why wasn't I included?
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
there are me and my friend open some new company in my village. the company is run by one year than start the problem in partner ship. he is lie to me the account is not clear in every field so i will very anxiety with my partner
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
My President of the Board is not very good.
I am angry because my friend judged me for not buying my nephew a birthday gift.
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
I'm stressed about my final grades and ongoing pressure to do well academically. I don't know how to motivate myself, as I'm too afraid of the outcome.
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
I had an argument with my parents over my girlfriend.
My job terminated a lot of people recently and I am afraid that they will do that again and I may lose my job if that happens
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
i am very stressed at work so i have started to look for a new job but can't find anything
I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
I am sad about not having family near me. I am in a town all alone.
I let the best lady in the world get away from me.
I left my home due to income reduction, and live with sibling.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
My curly hair is so unruly
My friends will not even call me half the time even though I am always calling them and trying to get together.
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
My Board of Directors is going around me to my staff.
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
NO MOTIVATION
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
I am sad about not having family near me. I am in a town all alone.
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
I was scheduled to take my vacation after next week on Christmas week but due to some people quitting my boss suggested that I will have to work , I will not work because I already have plans but I am afraid that if I don’t work she will cut my hours when I come back
The partiality in my work place and the favorability to people who hardly work but always say "yes" to my manager's say.
My youngest sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her two children.
Staying home with my children instead of going to work is making me anxious.
In my youthful exuberance for entertainment, I had ditched study plans with my high school friend while we were in college to go play video games with some of my new college friends. After this event, I lost my high school friends
I have 6 finals that are coming up soon, and i need to do well in order to have a good GPA for medical school
impending academic deadlines
I may lose a job
I miss my friends.
covid 19 issues
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
I am afraid of receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I feel that worried about my finances as I am tapping into my savings to feel afloat.
My younger sister passed away unexpectedly a few months ago in an apartment fire and I am having trouble dealing with this.
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
I have to give an important presentation for my academic career and I am stressed about public speaking and my ability to give a coherent presentation
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
I recently broke-up with my boyfriend. We were together 5 years.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
My boy friend left me for nothing, I tried to ask for explanation but i won't get any thing , make me depressed and felt alone.
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
EVER SINCE THIS PANDEMIC HAS EMERGED IT JUST SEEMS LIKE THINGS HAVE BEEN GOING DOWN INSTEAD OF UP. PRIOR TO THE PANDEMIC, I HAD A JOB OF 10 YEARS, CHILDREN WERE GROWING INTO TEENAGERS, AND THE HUSBAND WAS OUT OF TOWN WORKING AS HE HAS DONE OUR ENTIRE 21 YEAR MARRIAGE. WELL SINCE THE PANDEMIC, I WAS IMMEDIATELY LET GO AT WORK. THE TEENAGERS WERE SCENTENCED TO DITIGITAL LEARNING AND MY HUSBAND DID EVERYTHING HE COULD POSSIBLY DO TO HOLD THE ONLY JOB AND INCOME THE WAS COMING INTO THE HOME. BUT EVENTUALLY JUST A MONTH AGO THAT WAS TAKEN OUT FROM UNDER US AS WELL. I DIDNT MIND NOT WORKING ALTHOUGH IT WAS AN ESCAPE FROM MY MOTHERLY DUTIES AND THE REALITY OF BEING A FULL TIME WIFE. BUT NOW THAT WE HAVE REACHED JUST OVER A YEAR OF THE PANDEMIC IT HAS BROKEN ME DOWN IN SO MANY WAYS IT FEELS LIKE. THE WHOLE YEAR WITH JUST THE HUSBAND WORKING WEVE STRUGGLED TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE AND PAY THE MONTHLY EXPENSES THAT COME WITH THE ADULT LIFE AND NOW IM A MESS
I love my friends. But sometimes I feel as if I can't really be myself around them without being judged for doing something. I've known them for quite a long time now. I don't know if i am just being sensitive or what, but I feel like I'm the one that gets bullied in the friend group.
Ive been trying to get with some of friends to hang out maybe just for a couple hours just to catch up. But no-one seems like they want to be bothered due to covid. But the other day I called this particularly person and she said that they were all out having lunch, So why wasn't I included?
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I thought I was going to marry my girlfriend but then she ended up cheating on me. It broke my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust a girl again.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
I've been experiencing repeated romantic rejections from potential mates.
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
I studied really hard and failed my math test, i even got a tutor. worst day ever.
I want to break up with my partner who ive been married to for 6 years with a 5 year old child
Had a fight with friend.
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
My account went into the negative this morning.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
Time of the year when family is not around
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
My ex partner is harassing me and will not stop talking to my friends and family.
Raising grandson and he is being very difficult and not listening. I also have a lot of medical issues that limit my abilities. And my grandson's father is no help, he just drops him off and leaves, never asks if need anything or how I am doing.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for another one at this time.
Anxiety about losing my job
I work a dead end job.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
I have found out that my friends have been socialising behind my back without me. This makes me very sad.
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
i feel like my life is in a rut
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
I've suffered from depression since I was a kid but since the pandemic started it's harder to find the motivation to go on, to go about my day, to get out of bed, etc.
I cannot paint at art school
I lost my job and cant find another one
Nothing special just an ongoing thing i've been dealing with since my daughter was born.
I'm frustrated with Covid, having family issues, and I'm the caregiver for my disabled sister. Plus the holidays have been cancelled and so I'm just pretty anxious and depressed.
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
I have finals coming up and I'm very nervous for them.
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
My boyfriend left me for another person. I loved him so much, and I just can't seem to get over him
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
I am angry because I think my husband is controlling but he says I dont understand what controlling is
I am drinkin beers almost every day
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
crippling homework and procrastination i cant keep up in class
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
End of job contract
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
I've had some degree of depression for a long time. Longer than this damn pandemic. I've always been a homebody but not leaving the house at all for almost three months was a lot. A lot has happened over the past year and I'm not sure how to handle it all. I feel alone even when there are people around.
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
I feel like I am not living up to my potential and I am a disappointment to my family.
My industry shut down due to Covid-19 and I am currently seeking work but very financially behind and stresed about it.
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I got fired from my job during the pandemic, I don't know if I'll be able to find another job.
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
My husband keeps wasting money and we are having a hard time making ends meet. We'd be fine if he didn't overspend, but he's addicted to it.
Not able to find suitable job
My friend started posting on his wall that he believes that Democrats cheated on the election. I had known him for over 20 years and I don't know if I can trust him every again.
My girlfriend broke up with me recently. Really not feeling it right now, especially since I could've dedicated more time to her after exams but she got fed up. I guess I'm just alone for Christmas.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
its hard for me to find a job
covid no work
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
am sinking into depression
Worried about my daughter abd her academic struggles. She has a genetic condition and some learning differences. Struggling to cope to work and do day to day things and give her as much support as she needs.
Ongoing anxiety about small things but seem to be much bigger in my head.
This time is too hard for me fine a jobs which require me to search and get pay for unemployment.
I drank too much and don't remember what happened last night.
I am worried about failing my college math exams and being kicked out of school.
I have a co worker that keeps going behind my back and trying to get things done without me knowing it.
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
Fear of layoff from work
Since covid I havent been doing as well in school. I'm very upset and ashamed at my self
I'm frustrated with Covid, having family issues, and I'm the caregiver for my disabled sister. Plus the holidays have been cancelled and so I'm just pretty anxious and depressed.
My friend is using drugs
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
I keep having dreams that I've forgotten to go to one of my classes and I won't graduate on time.
finals
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
I am having trouble getting over the loss of a friendship that was important to me. I was very close to someone who acted as though he was my best friend but secretly didn't care for me at all. Eventually he told me so, and every time I think about it it feels like a punch in the stomach, even years later.
My business is suffering because of the pandemic. I'm very worried I won't be able to pay my bills soon.
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
I have to pass my test to pass the course. I'm am crazy nervous and can't sleep.
I have just broken up with my girlfriend
my team lead give me a assignment during holiday but i can't do that
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
I'm sad a lot because I don't like the life I live.
General daily stresses
School has been putting a lot of pressure on me recently. Especially with finals going on.
I love my parents but they want me to pursue business major while I am doing a psychology major to be Physician Assistant one day. They feel I am letting them down but in reality I want to be in the medicine field. I do not know what to do
I feel hopeless. Sometimes I just want to end my life. It isn't worth it.
i broke up with my partner and am feeling like i should even commit suiside, i was played a fool
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
i left my job, and moved across the country without another job lined up. it's been 3 months since i have worked. and this is compounded by a lot of feelings of loss and grieving as i left a job of 8 years.
Every night I try to go to sleep and I am actually tired but once in bed I cannot stop thinking about tons of things and I cannot fell asleep.
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
A few days ago I fell walking down some stairs and chipped my two front teeth and also broke my foot. I need to get surgery on my foot, and get my teeth fixed at the dentist with a couple crowns.
Trying to complete my senior year
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
I am on short term disability and I am afraid I will lose my job if I don't go back soon.
My boy friend left me for nothing, I tried to ask for explanation but i won't get any thing , make me depressed and felt alone.
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
Covid-19 has made me more depressed i miss being outside, traveling, hanging with my friends and be happy.
My friend is using drugs
I just can't seem to get motivated to do anything, I feel like I have nothing to live for.
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
I had my heart set on a Veterinary Technology program at a particular school and I just found out that I won't be able to apply in time. I feel like I have to reassess my future plans.
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
I have recently been diagnosed with cancer. I am currently undergoing chemo. The whole situation has caused my anxiety and depression to be so much worse.
my team lead give me a assignment during holiday but i can't do that
I just broke up with my boyfriend. I am really depressed and lonely now.
I'm disgusted that the professors don't see me as a human with real emotions and feelings.
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
I am recently divorced. My ex-husband has moved in with his new, much younger girlfriend and they are discussing marriage. Although I am happy the marriage is over, I'm depressed because I have not had any romantic offers while he has moved on with no problem.
we recently broke up and now i am very sad.
My husband keeps wasting money and we are having a hard time making ends meet. We'd be fine if he didn't overspend, but he's addicted to it.
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
Lost my job in the lockdown
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
I am depressed as I feel I am not good enough or doing enough in life.
eviction
I have been struggling since I lost my job. I have been on the lookout for a new job, tried doing menial jobs just to get by, but nothing seems to be available.
I have broken up with my partner of two years, she is amazing but I ended it as I thought my feelings had changed. I broke her heart but now I think I want her back but in afraid she might have moved on.
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
my team lead give me a assignment during holiday but i can't do that
I did a very disgusting thing, I dated online without know, who is she, she tricked me with her naked pictures and I fell into her hand by sent 4000 dollar to her
I cannot deal with the death of a parent. This was some years ago but still badly affects me.
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
Self isolation due to the pandemic. Home with the kids alone every day.
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
Life in general has been hard for me and my husband has been really sick for weeks now.
I cannot deal with the death of a parent. This was some years ago but still badly affects me.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
I recently made a mistake at work that I could get in trouble for, and I am nervous to approach my manager about my mistake.
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
I was in a relationship with the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen or been with. We have been dating for about 3 years and I was planning on spending the rest of my life with her. But I eventually lost her and everything all in a matter of months.
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
Jobs are competitive
I have to give up my parrot because I am now blind and have to move. I cant take teh parrot with me.
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
Nothing special just an ongoing thing i've been dealing with since my daughter was born.
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
My longtime partner revealed that they cheated on me during the pandemic and I've very very sad about it
I'm really nervous about my finals coming up. I want to do well!
I am supposed to be getting married overseas but I cannot because of the border policy due to COVID
This COVID pandemic has really gotten to me! I'm not ready to die, but I can't stand living like this anymore!
I'm in depression because my kids not listen to me.
Family disharmony, young niece having to witness a lot of verbal fighting.
I can't stop eating at work
My friend is dating a man who is a drug addict and she doesn't understand why I won't hang out with the two of them.
Long day of work. Came home early, ended up catching my partner having an affair with my roommate
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
My partner broke up with me. He cheated on me.
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
My job informed me that they will be reducing my hours and not extend my contract.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
Just failed a huge test in my class and may not graduate this semester
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
Fear of losing my job
I can not find a career i am stressing
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
I'm mad at my boyfriend for not taking responsibility.
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
Everything was going crazy in the world with COVID. I was worried about my daughter and her education. Then suddenly, I lose a lot of my hours at work and have to quit one of my jobs due to the virus and becoming her main caretaker again. This really makes me nervous because the price of everything is continually going up and I have little excess money to spend.
My partner broke up with me a few days ago
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
Work is extremely stressful. I work 12 hour days and I feel like I have no time to do the things I like.
My daughter was very sick. It kept my wife and I up at night because she wasn't sleeping well.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I feel like I am not living up to my potential and I am a disappointment to my family.
i couldnt sleep because my neighbors were partying and playing loud music
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday. I had been with her for years and now living life without her feels heart breaking.
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
I got a B+ in a class that I deserved an A- in and when I contacted the professor, he called me a liar. This really put me in a bad mood because I tried really hard in his class and he would not hear my case out.
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
Iam feeling very sadness after breaking up with my girlfriend.
effects of the pandemic
i don't understand the course
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
My friend is dating a man who is a drug addict and she doesn't understand why I won't hang out with the two of them.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
I don't think my current job is right for me. I have been doing it for 7 years and it's all I know. I don't know what to do for the best.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
facing a breakup with the partner..
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
I am just starting school & i feel like i not smart enough to graduate
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
Going to lose my job in January, not sure what to do about that.
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
My job terminated a lot of people recently and I am afraid that they will do that again and I may lose my job if that happens
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
i c ant beleive how some of my friends voted
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
the pandemic
I have naturally suffer from clinical depression
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
They want me to work on a project with them. I agreed to it. Wondering how it will go.
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
I am supposed to be getting married overseas but I cannot because of the border policy due to COVID
I don't have enough money to buy my kids christmas gifts.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
The person ghosted me after we had an argument and I am really upset about it.
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
I fear that I might get fired in my job. My boss hates me. My co-workers harrass me at times.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
My boyfriend broke up with me, but we live together and have roommates. Now he is turning the roommates against me.
Raising grandson and he is being very difficult and not listening. I also have a lot of medical issues that limit my abilities. And my grandson's father is no help, he just drops him off and leaves, never asks if need anything or how I am doing.
I cheated on my boyfriend and I don't want to tell him. I feel really bad because he is a great person.
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
I've dealt with a lot of stress lately, even before the covid 19 was even heard of. It's ongoing now. I have even more now.
I am finding the second lockdown intensely difficult to deal with, even worse than the first.
My health is crazy and I may have to face a major surgery. I have a severe auto immune disorder and even though I've had it for 8 years you never get used to it.
My neighbors are all mad at me, because I was the cause of a mutual friend being evicted from our complex. Her dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week. I reported the incident to apartment management and Animal Control. She was told to get rid of her dog or move. She elected to move, but continued to say that she "got kicked out because of me". I guess friends liked her more, because now I'm the "bad guy".
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
I am extremely bored and under stimulated without being in school or working.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
related to the current pandemic
Iam feeling very sadness after breaking up with my girlfriend.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
My girlfriend broke up with me and now I have no motivation and I am depressed most of the time.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
I am unemployed right now and its hard for me to find a job where I can earn enough to support my family
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
Some former friends of mine have remained friends with a person who abused me and stood up for them in court.
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
I recently argued with my family about my dating partner.
Fights on my friends circle some conversation going to long and some bad talking to both of us.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
I am having a very hard time finding a job due to covid.
My friend died in a car accident
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
crippling homework and procrastination i cant keep up in class
I broke up with my girlfriend and sad about it
My job shut down due to COVID and I've lost a lot of income.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
The holiday season has me down
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
Husband of 9 years walked out on me and our children a few months ago. Working hard to try and make ends meat on my own.
thinking about what classes are best to take in order to get a job
I have to find a higher paying job but it has been a while since I worked full time.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
I found out that my boss has not been paying me accurately. I am so upset because I don't know what to do. I feel like I should quit.
Had an issue with my wife concerning my drinking habits where she complained that I had of late been drinking soo much. There was a confrontation that almost led to a breakup and now we are not talking. The situation is serious
impending academic deadlines
eviction
They want me to work on a project with them. I agreed to it. Wondering how it will go.
i keep feeling as though i'm not doing well. i have a job but i don't seem to be very good at it and i don't want to lose it. i am fearful that i will
I am currently studying for an exam that I need to do for work.
New boss who is difficult
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
My friend has passed away and I'm struggling to deal with the grief.
I had my heart set on a Veterinary Technology program at a particular school and I just found out that I won't be able to apply in time. I feel like I have to reassess my future plans.
Cause of the covid, I have problems with study and communication. I have problem in my University, also problems how to communicate with people after 1 year, of lockdown.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
I am qualified for a promotion but my boss won't promote me
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
I have struggled with depression for a while but recently it seems to be getting worse, with no clear reason.
friends trying to let me down
I have been self-isolating since March which has made my chronic depression worse than ever. I live alone and have not touched another human being in all that time.
i talk with my friendship
girlfriend broke my heart
I have a friend who knew me since I was little, she is closer to my mother's age so she is kinda like my aunt growing up. She always treat me like I was little. I understand that she knew me since I was little. But I'm a grown woman now and I want our relationship to go far and grow more. I tried to explain it to her but she is not getting it. It's made me feel sad that we can't move our relationship further.
Self isolation due to the pandemic. Home with the kids alone every day.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
I am feeling quite nervous, apprehensive and worried about the current pandemic. I fear that I, or my loved ones, can catch it and become very ill. Also, I feel a bit isolated, which has caused me to have a bit more negative feelings of sadness.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
My boyfriend was disrespectful. he went ahead to cheat on me with the particular girl i warned him about seeing. he lied about it even after being caught and tried to emotionally blackmail me with it still.
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
crippling homework and procrastination i cant keep up in class
I am sad about finding out my boyfriend broke up with me because he saw where I came from .
I am very nervous about my fianl paper.
I have a friend that completely screwed me out of money on a business venture.
My girlfriend and I broke up due to all the fights we were having. It was mutual but it was still sad. I felt as if my life had ended and everything was in black and white. I was sad for a year afterwards.
I feel hopeless. Sometimes I just want to end my life. It isn't worth it.
people would make fun of me based on the color of my skin or anything that has to do with my color.
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
A co-worker continues to usurp my authority and interfere with my duties / responsibilities.
My best friend has been very demanding, and I'm very upset.
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
as a new mom , i wanted to spend much time with baby , i took break from work but my mind became too lazy to get back work so i lost job .still my brain not yet all agree for try new job because of baby .I need much money to take care of entire family of 6 .I shame on my self why i thinking like this
Depressed due to a breakup
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
i'm in depression because recently i lost my job
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
Constantly arguing with my best friend, we never see eye to eye on important things on my life.
Boss keeps hitting on a co-worker, who really doesn't like the guy. What can I do to make it stop?
I have a very good friend whom I have noticed does not tell me the truth , she cherry picks what she wants to tell me. I have also noticed that she doesn't call me unless I call. What got me so upset what was she did the last time I called her. She got me off the phone in a matter of seconds saying that she will call back , but never did. I felt so dejected and promised never to call her back again.
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
Ilost my home when my partner died. He had changed the will and I didn't know.
Broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. Now I feel lonely.
I am fighting with my parents because I am 17 and have just began my first relationship and my parents have grounded me after finding out that I am dating before the age of 18
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
I see a text message from my ex-wife's phone that states "you look sexier now that you did this morning." I was the major sign that my marriage was in trouble and why would my wife cheat on me.
caught my girlfriend cheating on me with my neighbor its was so horrible scene for me all i could do was cry and drink because i love her so much, the pain was much that all i could think of was killing her and myself, Guess its isn't wrong if i kill the guy he cheated with too?
I have a final exam coming up and I am really worried about how I will perform.
No money to celebrate christiamass
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
It is finals week at my college and I am very anxious about it.
Misunderstanding with friend
My sister-in-law is a horrible person, and she's harrassing me for jewelery from my mom, who just died.
I TALK WITH MY FRIENDSHIP
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
The person ghosted me after we had an argument and I am really upset about it.
I just feel generally down.
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
I have found out that my friends have been socialising behind my back without me. This makes me very sad.
I have recently broke up with my girlfriend which has caused me great sadness
For a long time I have struggled with depression
Lost my job in the lockdown
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
My father will not talk to me anymore because he is obsessed with Trump. So I call him out, and he now does not speak to or acknowledge me. We have been close until this happened, it struck me as bizarre.
I’m feeling anxious about the pandemic and current economic conditions.
I have dealt with depression around this time of the year since i was 17. I am now 37. My cousin got killed in a car accident on Dec 29th at the age of 14. Then 18 years later on Jan 3rd I lost my boyfriend in a car accident. I struggle around the holidays even worse now than I did before.
Feeling depressed and doesn't feel doing like anything.
my kids wont listen to me
I found out my partner was cheating on me and I just feel betrayed and heartbroken.
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
My partner said he loved me and led me on. Then he went to cheat on me after one year of pretending he truly loved me. I am so sad and lonely and he is always with friends. It just isn't fair.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
I keep failing my tests
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
Depressed due to a breakup
Removed from my job - apparently only because of my age - no longer doing meaningful work.
i'm very sad because my friend doesn't want to talk with me
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
I have finals coming up and I'm very nervous for them.
i am very stressed at work so i have started to look for a new job but can't find anything
I did not study and did poorly on a test.
My current position will be eliminated within 6 months. I am very anxious and concerned that I will likely not find another position at mu current salary level.
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
My friends don't understand my choices to get married quickly and buy a house
My family have lost confidence in me due to my alcoholism. I want to stop but don't know how. I have tried before but some things I go through make me go back. What can I do?
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
My wife and I had a threeway with my ex, and they're kind of at each other's throats now. The ex lives on our block too, so it's slightly awkward in the neighborhood
Lay off from the job
I applied with a lot of companies and never hear back. I need money for the holidays.
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
Struggling to find work
pandemic and family stress
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
Lay off from the job
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
My mother told me that she hurt her knee and can not work.
I lost my job and not sure how I will pay for rent.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I just found out that my job has to make cuts and layoffs, and I am worried about my job and my colleague's jobs.
I always make my goals ealry and every so often before an breakthrough I make the best cut I can get. I want to make myself less suscepatable to self sabotage and intrusions.
My friend thinks I put her second ever since I had children and she no longer wants to continue our 13 year friendship
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
covid no work
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
Fear of layoff from job
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
Due to COVID-19 I can not focus on studies and can't fine help
I am very depressed and despondent because my boyfriend broke up with me and it was right before the wedding. I am close to his family but they won't speak to me know. I am lost without him.
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
I have to pass my test to pass the course. I'm am crazy nervous and can't sleep.
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
pandemic and family stress
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
Need a second job to pay off credit card bills
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
I broke up with a guy. I still talk to him. He might want me back-not sure. There is another guy who is interested in me now, However he's going through a divorce and keeps putting off seeing me.
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
Just the virus and loneliness. Isolation
I became jobless. My boss and I had a disagreement and she terminated me.
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
My biological sister has major issues is trying to turn my family against because of an argument we had 4 years ago
I keep trying to get started, but my kitchen mess seems so overwhelming.
I feel disgusted by the way my teenage daughter dresses up. She wears very tight and revealing clothing. I have tried before to talk to her about modesty but she continues to dress that way.
My partner is abusing me for not earning money..I feel like ending my life instead of all the abuses being faced in life.
My partner broke up with me a few days ago
I broke up with my partner.
I am angry because I think my husband is controlling but he says I dont understand what controlling is
I feel like I won't ever get a proper job and move out of my parents' home.
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
just always feel this way
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
I keep failing my classes and cannot seem to catch up
I got an email from my job that they will not extend my job and will have to leave.
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
I suffered bullying at school. for the simple fact of being not very fat but if stuffed, they called me a cow, they made the expression of a cow, they threw my bag in the trash, I had no friends. It was hard and strong to be able to study there, after that they changed my school, everything was fine until those from the previous school found out where I was studying and the bullying started again. It has had an impact on my life, I believe that even my feelings are the same, I have not been able to forget it.
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
COVID, job pressure, stress with partner, sharing custody of my son, recuperating from cancer treatment
I asked my friend if she would go to the store with me because I was feeling down and overwhelmed with kids. She said she was too tired so she would have to pass this time. I was angry because I always support her when she is down or needs it. When I need it, she is nowhere to be seen. It's okay I guess for her to be depressed, but no one else can, because she has already monopolized that emotion. How can you ask someone for help when you are feeling depressed when they are depressed themselves?
can't focus
My current position will be eliminated within 6 months. I am very anxious and concerned that I will likely not find another position at mu current salary level.
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
COVID-19 has completely ruined my family's travel plans. Instead of travelling to see them, we have to stay home.
when i met myb coworkers in job and they have not done has we had agreed , i get bored and irritated the whole day with negative mood due to the dissapointment they did not met the requirements we had set to attain by set date aside
no specific event to describe
breakup with partner
I have this certification program I took about two years ago that allowed me to be marketable out there and it's about to expire. I'm currently under pressure to retake the certification and I'm not quite ready. I will loose my license if I don't , time is running out and I currently feel lost in the predicament I have found myself.
I miss seeing my friends in person and I havent heard from them in a while
Constant pain from back problems.
I have this certification program I took about two years ago that allowed me to be marketable out there and it's about to expire. I'm currently under pressure to retake the certification and I'm not quite ready. I will loose my license if I don't , time is running out and I currently feel lost in the predicament I have found myself.
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
My girlfriend broke up with me recently. Really not feeling it right now, especially since I could've dedicated more time to her after exams but she got fed up. I guess I'm just alone for Christmas.
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
I want to move out of my state with my boyfriend and I think I would want to leave earlier than May. How do I tell him?
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me and i do not know the reason
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
I fear that I will not have a job next year, at the beginning of the year. My emotions are in survival mode and I do not want to do anything or buy anything from this fear
I am losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for work right now
I have to give an important presentation for my academic career and I am stressed about public speaking and my ability to give a coherent presentation
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
We had a staff appreciation day, but we all got drunk by the end of the day. So now I am worried my boss will judge me or fire me.
I feel depressed about being lonely and sad.
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
I recently lost my grandmother and today grief came out of nowhere for the first time in a few weeks. Feeling very down.
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
I have anxiety to leave my families,
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
I just feel like every one hates me and no one really wants to be my friend. It feels like when someone is nice to me they are just doing it as a favor and they don’t really like me or care about me
I was in a relationship with the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen or been with. We have been dating for about 3 years and I was planning on spending the rest of my life with her. But I eventually lost her and everything all in a matter of months.
I broke up with my girlfriend.
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
Friends keep calling my face ugly
I am depressed due to covid pandemic.
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
Nervous about a test in the future because I do not know if I am learning well enough because of lack of in-person teaching.
I broke up with my partner.
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
I experience sleepless nights so frequently since I lost my best friend due to Covid 19. I keep on having memories we had growing up together. When I think about this things I cannot sleep sometimes for an entire night.
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
I had some recent car trouble and the problem has gotten worse. It has caused the mechanic bill to get bigger and bigger and I don't know how I am going to pay for it.
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
I am severely stressed about my college course and my grades during the pandemic.
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
i talk with my friendship
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
I'm kind of just generally feeling seasonal depression as I don't feel happy,
I'm frustrated with Covid, having family issues, and I'm the caregiver for my disabled sister. Plus the holidays have been cancelled and so I'm just pretty anxious and depressed.
I lost my job due to the fact my employer could not make a medical exemption for me. My wife works part-time now but I need to try to make money on the side so I can watch my daughter.
My ex-boyfriend broke up with me because I was too jealous and I didn't trust him
My kids are driving me crazy now that we are all having to work and school our kids from home. My husband and I both work from home now because of Corona. My 15 year old boy and 8 year old girl argue after they finish schooling and my husband and I are still working. It is starting to interrupt the quality of our work, Any suggestions? They are going crazy since the emergence of the Corona Virus.
my age (66), uselessness,fear of death
I have nobody in my life that supports me. No purpose to my life. My husband treats me like dirt. I am just so frustrated with being sad all the time but just when I think it is looking up, I get knocked down again.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
I miss my girlfriend, I feel I have no one in my life.
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for another one at this time.
Car accident led to traumatic brain injury and PTSD having nightmares 2x a week.
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
I just broke up with my boyfriend. I am really depressed and lonely now.
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
COVID-19 made me lose my beautiful job which I admire a lot and I am searching for another one which is not fort coming. Please what can I do now?
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
Haven't been able to find a companion for years, loneliness has driven me to depression.
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
I feel like I am never going to be good enough to make it on my own. I'm struggling with finding a job right now, paying for anything for myself, and taking care of my teenage son who's driving me nuts as he's doing school from home. I really feel like I'm in a pit that I'll never get out of.
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
My job is based on demand and the current economic state makes less demand.
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
I have been having issues with my children since the pandemic started. I feel overwhelmed with work, home, children, distance learning and no help and have been responding with anger.
I am suffering from health anxiety and staying home and aftiad of going out
Constant feeling that I might be laid off. I really like my job and it pays good. I have a family and cannot afford to lose job. It will be super hard for me to find new job. I just never know then and if I get laid off. I work in cruise industry and it has been few tough months.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
Basically the loneliness of the season and being forced to seclude because of the virus.
My finance is working out of the country till 2022 and I am left here by myself until he gets home. I have no friends and no one to talk to.
I was pulled off of a project I had been on for 6 months. Last week I was transferred to a new team and all of the hard work I had put in for 6 months was given to another engineer to finish. The reason I was given was that my skills would be better used on this other team because they were behind on their project.
I lost my job and very distressed about it
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
I'm fearful of where I'll be living in the future.
I have always been an honors student but with virtual school, I'm falling so far behind and I'm not sure when school will ever go back to normal.
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
my boss does not care about my and there is no guidance complete ignorance due to the fact that I am a female in a male domain
i have discontinued my studies due to financial problems. i feel like i am depressed lately.
co workers seem to ignore me and don't say hello, i feel unwanted
I've been studying very hard for this class, but I have been performing very poorly. This is the first time I have done this bad and I just feel so incompetent. Nothing I do seems to work.
Lay off from the job
i lost job in covid ,i lost my home due to unpaid of mortgage ..full in stress how to pay homeloans and how to get new job in this covid situations
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
I am just starting school & i feel like i not smart enough to graduate
people would make fun of me based on the color of my skin or anything that has to do with my color.
I've been studying very hard for this class, but I have been performing very poorly. This is the first time I have done this bad and I just feel so incompetent. Nothing I do seems to work.
i was talking with another my partner have seen that incident
I was already having a really bad day, from a run in I had with a very rude lady. Then I received a text from someone who I thought was my friend. She felt like I haven' t been there for her because I didn't pick up her call. I honestly didn't see her call and definitely would've got back to her, if I saw her call. She said mean and nasty things about me, which I don' t care about. But she did the wrong mistake of bringing my child into the equation, when he had nothing to do with it. I wanted to really beat the crap out of her because not only did she do that, she blocked my number and ran. Like I was beyond pissed.
I let the best lady in the world get away from me.
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
I have a friend who knew me since I was little, she is closer to my mother's age so she is kinda like my aunt growing up. She always treat me like I was little. I understand that she knew me since I was little. But I'm a grown woman now and I want our relationship to go far and grow more. I tried to explain it to her but she is not getting it. It's made me feel sad that we can't move our relationship further.
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
I accidentally shared a nude photo that was intended for private viewing to a group chat with several friends.
My coworker is constantly telling me what to do like she is my boss. I told her about it and she still does it. I cannot make a move without criticism or a comment on how to do it her way. I how to do my job and it angers me when she expects me to do it her way.
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
I broke up with my ex partner and found out they cheated on me
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday. I had been with her for years and now living life without her feels heart breaking.
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
I broke up with a partner and I’m verbally upset and emotionally upset as well
I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
My friend thinks I put her second ever since I had children and she no longer wants to continue our 13 year friendship
My ex partner is harassing me and will not stop talking to my friends and family.
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
My boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
The partiality in my work place and the favorability to people who hardly work but always say "yes" to my manager's say.
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
My friend's husband is spreading false rumors about me because my daughter moved up in soccer and his didn't. He is saying I'm having an affair with the coach, who is married! I am NOT and my daughter happens to be a much better soccer player. I do like his wife but this is unforgiveable.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
I can not find a career i am stressing
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
I am having trouble getting over the loss of a friendship that was important to me. I was very close to someone who acted as though he was my best friend but secretly didn't care for me at all. Eventually he told me so, and every time I think about it it feels like a punch in the stomach, even years later.
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
Constant feeling that I might be laid off. I really like my job and it pays good. I have a family and cannot afford to lose job. It will be super hard for me to find new job. I just never know then and if I get laid off. I work in cruise industry and it has been few tough months.
I'm frustrated with Covid, having family issues, and I'm the caregiver for my disabled sister. Plus the holidays have been cancelled and so I'm just pretty anxious and depressed.
Trying to find a job
Distance learning is difficult. I'm having trouble with school and my grades seem to be dropping.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for my job.
I need a job but finding one that doesn't require weekends is almost impossible. There are no day cares in my area that watch kids on the weekend so that is another delima.
i cant do well in school and they mock me
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
i and this lady went on a date last week, we were both in love and so i asked her out on our first date.... she told me yes the next day slept over at her place and we had sex... after a week she started behaving strange.. by the time i called her so we could talk she said she doesn't love me anymore
Fear of layoff from work
Long day of work. Came home early, ended up catching my partner having an affair with my roommate
I have a lot of academic pressure from my program and I'm not receiving any help from my advisors.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
Losing Job
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
My aunt died a week ago who was 90. Was very close to her.
I was homeless. I had to leave a place I loved. It was mentally a bad state.
struggling with my demons
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
i have depression because recently i lost my job
Having a lot going on in life and school and feeling very stressed.
I'm stressed about my final grades and ongoing pressure to do well academically. I don't know how to motivate myself, as I'm too afraid of the outcome.
Me and my friend got into an argument and are not in speaking terms
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I live with four friends/ housemates. I like them, but at the same time we are stuck together every day 24/7. Small things add up; I am getting increasingly annoyed by their behaviors and their inconsideration for others.
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
due to the corona virus we are all on reduced hours
my friend has a new friend
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
I have no motivation to finish my work assignments
I am afraid of failure, and it paralyses me to where I cannot study enough to score well on the tests.
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
I have to give up my parrot because I am now blind and have to move. I cant take teh parrot with me.
My son has bipolar disorder and he is only 9. He has delusions and has lost his mind for a month now. He is in the hospital and I am terrified he won't get it back. He has delusions and I'm worried.
academic pressures
i don't understand the course
I have no job
My best friend can be kind of a tool when he is drinking alcohol. I think that he forgets to chill out sometimes and says stuff that is upsetting and does not think it through when he is saying is. Recently this occurred when talking about politics. In general we have the same beliefs but he put it over the top.
I have been self-isolating since March which has made my chronic depression worse than ever. I live alone and have not touched another human being in all that time.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
NO MOTIVATION
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
I have a lot of academic pressure from my program and I'm not receiving any help from my advisors.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
I'm failing my classes and I'm on scholarship
I have always been an honors student but with virtual school, I'm falling so far behind and I'm not sure when school will ever go back to normal.
I have been having issues with my children since the pandemic started. I feel overwhelmed with work, home, children, distance learning and no help and have been responding with anger.
I have finals coming up and I am really nervous and I don't feel prepared.
suicide
I am worried about a friend. Since lockdown they have not been in contact and whenever I try to get in touch with them they rarely respond.
Have an essay due Monday and haven’t even finished the lessons. I feel like I shouldn’t be doing this degree
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
I am suffering from health anxiety and staying home and aftiad of going out
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
Fear of layoff from work
constant fighting
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
Struggling to find work
I applied with a lot of companies and never hear back. I need money for the holidays.
I lost my job in January. Because of my health, I am afraid of taking a job outside home. So I am trying to make money on MTurk and YouTube.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
I am so scared of going out and finding a job due to Covid 19 but I need to work right now . my bills are piling up
girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
Lost my job and unable to find the new on
The holidays always make me sad.
My girlfriend broke up with me and now I have no motivation and I am depressed most of the time.
My boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him.
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
academic stress
Ilost my home when my partner died. He had changed the will and I didn't know.
I became jobless. My boss and I had a disagreement and she terminated me.
I have lost my job because of COVID19
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
I lost my job due to the fact my employer could not make a medical exemption for me. My wife works part-time now but I need to try to make money on the side so I can watch my daughter.
i c ant beleive how some of my friends voted
My partner broke up with me. He cheated on me.
I've been just really sad recently and I don't know how to bring my mood up
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
MY Son-in-Law is treating our daughter and Grandaughter indifferent, gaslighting and treats the dog better.
I have lost my job because of COVID19
I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
I worried if I will be able to complete my degree.
I am having financial problems and i am worried i will not be able afford my kids christmas presents.
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
I was in a course with a bad teacher and was not doing well. I felt like his grading was unfair and his teaching methods were unclear. When I tried to talk to him about the issues I was having I didn't feel like he did anything to help.
my family neglected me
It is finals week at my college and I am very anxious about it.
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
My friend started posting on his wall that he believes that Democrats cheated on the election. I had known him for over 20 years and I don't know if I can trust him every again.
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
My partner said he loved me and led me on. Then he went to cheat on me after one year of pretending he truly loved me. I am so sad and lonely and he is always with friends. It just isn't fair.
I lost my job 8 months ago and I haven't been able to find anything. So as a result I have felt very depressed because my life has lost all sense of structure.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
My friends and family do not really pay attention to me unless they need me to solve a problem. I am lonely because unless they need something they aren’t there for me. They only seek me out when they are needy
Ever since the insurgent of Covid-19 ,I was hit hard when I was relieved from my full-time job for a non justifiable reason. I blame it to Covid because business was slow and it affected production. I was so frustrated and I didn't know what next to do as I had past due bills and family to take care of. I started applying for government benefits none was fast coming forth and requires a lot of processing time. I later got a part-time job that the pay was low and i could not put up with the bills .it was really tough. I almost went into depression but I did not give up home. Recently I got a full-time job but I have been scared and anxious because they keep laying off employees weekly. I wouldn't want to go through the terrible situation I had last time.
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
I have recently been diagnosed with cancer. I am currently undergoing chemo. The whole situation has caused my anxiety and depression to be so much worse.
my best friend became phys-co and torturing all his friends by blackmailing all photos with him.he started with me also i got so much fear and issues
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
I'm in the depression because of todays market situation
I don't like any of my friends. In fact, I don't think I like anyone.
I get to hurting so bad in my lower back that it upsets me and then I take it out on the one's around me.
My friend has passed away and I'm struggling to deal with the grief.
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
lose job
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
Car accident led to traumatic brain injury and PTSD having nightmares 2x a week.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
I am sad about not having family near me. I am in a town all alone.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
Lost my job in the lockdown
I am nervous and anxious about my status with my friends. I am not sure what I mean to them and if I am easily replaceable.
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
no money and cant find work
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
My job shut down due to COVID and I've lost a lot of income.
New boss who is difficult
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
College finals are next week and I have been sic so I gave them been able to study like I wanted to.
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
I broke up with my girlfriend.
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
I miss seeing my friends in person and I havent heard from them in a while
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
feel alone. have no one to talk to about things. feel depressed,sad,hopeless. on top of feeling depressed i am also stressed out about my finances
I've been studying very hard for this class, but I have been performing very poorly. This is the first time I have done this bad and I just feel so incompetent. Nothing I do seems to work.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
I feel like my friends are trying to avoid me.
my boyfriend of three years has been cheating on me.
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
i am breaked with my lover
i am breaked with my lover
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
I can't go on a day without having a glass of alcohol
the current pandemic
I've always struggled with depression. I just feel hopeless.
I worried if I will be able to complete my degree.
I have a problem with a job. I can't find the job for a long time. When the covid started most of the jobs was closed. As I dont have any higher education, it's hard to find a real one with a good salary. But as all jobs, like waiters, adn so on still closed, it get me the depression.
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
I'm in depression because my exam is near and i can't finish my studies
I am fighting with my parents because I am 17 and have just began my first relationship and my parents have grounded me after finding out that I am dating before the age of 18
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
breaking up cause husband cheating
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
I have lost my job, and my entire industry has been shut down due to Covid-19, and I am struggling to find work that is safe for me to do from home.
My new supervisor hates me. She already hated me before she was my boss. In addition to being a terrible manager, she has made a personal goal to inhibit my ability to do my job. She has taken from me all parts of my job that I value. This upsets me personally and I am sad & angry that the rest of my team, who I care about, is no longer supported. We have no recourse to solve this problem.
Distance learning is difficult. I'm having trouble with school and my grades seem to be dropping.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
I am currently studying for an exam that I need to do for work.
Not really succeeding in college
My job shut down due to COVID and I've lost a lot of income.
I am drinkin beers almost every day
my girlfriend was break up with me i found out that she was cheating on me
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I was given reduced hours at work and there might be a chance I could get laid off because I just started and there is lack of work. However, my expenses are the same and income is reducing.
I recently had a baby and iam facing postpartum depression
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
Its really sad that with todays COVID crisis we are no longer able to enjoy daily normal life. We are not able to mingle and meet our family and friends. We are stuck in our homes during this unprecedented time.
my friend betrayed because she thought i wanted to snatch her boyfriend from her.
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
Just can't shake my sadness
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
Constant feeling that I might be laid off. I really like my job and it pays good. I have a family and cannot afford to lose job. It will be super hard for me to find new job. I just never know then and if I get laid off. I work in cruise industry and it has been few tough months.
I am recently divorced. My ex-husband has moved in with his new, much younger girlfriend and they are discussing marriage. Although I am happy the marriage is over, I'm depressed because I have not had any romantic offers while he has moved on with no problem.
I am worried about a friend. Since lockdown they have not been in contact and whenever I try to get in touch with them they rarely respond.
My friend has passed away and I'm struggling to deal with the grief.
I have found out that my friends have been socialising behind my back without me. This makes me very sad.
Friends do not want to hang out due to pandemic
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
sleep problems with over depression have adverse effects cognitive and behavioral functions.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for my job.
nothing i do pleases my boss
I'm feeling very lonely lately and I don't have many friends to turn to. This makes me sad because I've always had only a few friends but now they have families and kids and I feel more alone than ever.
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
Lost my job in the lockdown
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
End of job contract
trying to find a job with good hours
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
breaking up cause husband cheating
My partners and I are not on the same terms. Need some emotional support.
constant fighting
I had some recent car trouble and the problem has gotten worse. It has caused the mechanic bill to get bigger and bigger and I don't know how I am going to pay for it.
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
My industry has been shut down since March due to covid-19 and I've been struggling to find work that is safe for me to do (I have asthma and a blood disorder that compromises my immune system), haven't had any success with unemployment and really just very stressed about money.
Had a fight with friend.
struggling with my demons
For a long time I have struggled with depression
Removed from my job - apparently only because of my age - no longer doing meaningful work.
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
i cheated on her
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
My President of the Board is not very good.
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
My biological sister has major issues is trying to turn my family against because of an argument we had 4 years ago
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
Covid isolation has brought me down; i am used to socializing and traveling. i live alone, so my options are limited
I've recently lost my job due to the covid situation and my funds are dwindling by the day while we've been out into another lockdown
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
i have discontinued my studies due to financial problems. i feel like i am depressed lately.
I have had a lady who has been a friend for one year now. We have been in good terms until recently when she no longer has time for me and she does not explain the reason for the same. I have scheduled several meetings but she turns down my request every time. I dont know what to do at such a time when i need her support the most.
I am struggling with my law school exam prep. I'm not sure if I can make it through law school
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
My colleagues are always talking about me behind
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
General daily stresses
Due to this pandemic, I am worry for my future. Especially my job stability.
I will be losing my job in january. I am very fearful about finding a new one.
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
My friends talk behind my back and always try to get me in trouble but don't show it.
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
i was furloughed
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
I broke up with partner , my friend sent me pic of her hubby etc
Near failing a class that will pretty much depend my future career
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
i feel like my life is in a rut
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
I became jobless. My boss and I had a disagreement and she terminated me.
I have been struggling since I lost my job. I have been on the lookout for a new job, tried doing menial jobs just to get by, but nothing seems to be available.
what ever i study, i am not able to remember the contents which is necessary for my academic tests
My supervisor recently resigned from my organization and I am worried that I cannot step up and fill her role. I want that role too!
My boyfriend recently broke up with me out of the blue. I am feeling very alone, sad and depressed.
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
I am battling with letting my past childhood trauma effect my relationship and the raising of my child.
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
Ever since the insurgent of Covid-19 ,I was hit hard when I was relieved from my full-time job for a non justifiable reason. I blame it to Covid because business was slow and it affected production. I was so frustrated and I didn't know what next to do as I had past due bills and family to take care of. I started applying for government benefits none was fast coming forth and requires a lot of processing time. I later got a part-time job that the pay was low and i could not put up with the bills .it was really tough. I almost went into depression but I did not give up home. Recently I got a full-time job but I have been scared and anxious because they keep laying off employees weekly. I wouldn't want to go through the terrible situation I had last time.
I broke up with a guy. I still talk to him. He might want me back-not sure. There is another guy who is interested in me now, However he's going through a divorce and keeps putting off seeing me.
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
I decided to separate from my husband after finding myself incredibly unhappy.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
breakup with partner
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
I can not find a career i am stressing
i'm in depression because recently i lost my job
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
Every night I try to go to sleep and I am actually tired but once in bed I cannot stop thinking about tons of things and I cannot fell asleep.
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
just down
My supervisor recently resigned from my organization and I am worried that I cannot step up and fill her role. I want that role too!
I am nervous and anxious about my status with my friends. I am not sure what I mean to them and if I am easily replaceable.
I broke up with partner , my friend sent me pic of her hubby etc
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
My finance is working out of the country till 2022 and I am left here by myself until he gets home. I have no friends and no one to talk to.
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
I've suffered from depression since I was a kid but since the pandemic started it's harder to find the motivation to go on, to go about my day, to get out of bed, etc.
This pandemic has me depressed everyday and the drugs are not helping, before something else happens to me or I do something stupid, help.....
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
Working as a teacher, I find it very hard to get students who don't care to engage with work. 90% of students are fine, but the other 10% are impossible as I have no support from management.
Ongoing anxiety about small things but seem to be much bigger in my head.
I'm in depression because my exam is near and i can't finish my studies
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
My girlfriend has a rare condition that can be very expensive to just keep her healthy. Her grandparents are supporting us and the grandmother's husband is going through dementia and making everyone stressed and could possibly die leaving 3 houses to pay off.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
trying to find a job in this town is almost impossible, it is either fast food, walmart, or if you know someone the chemical plants. i need to get out of the place i am in or i am going to go insane. i cant do that without more income.
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
My account went into the negative this morning.
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
I recently found out that my best friend has lied to me about her whole life, and when I invited to my home she finally told me the truth after staying for a month ad we were fighting for the entire month she stayed.
girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
Cause of the covid, I have problems with study and communication. I have problem in my University, also problems how to communicate with people after 1 year, of lockdown.
My son has bipolar disorder and he is only 9. He has delusions and has lost his mind for a month now. He is in the hospital and I am terrified he won't get it back. He has delusions and I'm worried.
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I got fired from my job during the pandemic, I don't know if I'll be able to find another job.
I have no motivation to finish my work assignments
I broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. I've been feeling lonely ever since.
School work piling up, lots of projects and pressure on time issues. Wanted to escape but can't.
I became a single mother last year and am battling with postpartum depression. I thought I would enjoy being a mother more. But I am unhappy.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
I drank too much and don't remember what happened last night.
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I am separated from my wife and in the middle of a PhD program and am using alcohol to numb the pain.
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
I am so scared of going out and finding a job due to Covid 19 but I need to work right now . my bills are piling up
My parents are always telling me I should be disciplining my children differently. Things are different than when they raised us.
My friends won't hang out with me
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and another 10% has been furloughed.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
My three years relationship ended last week , he betrayed me he had another affair , we discussed and break up . He misused my credit card he took my all money. he spreading fake news about me in social media.
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
I recently broke up with my partner. We have been dating for over 3 years. During this time with COVID and the election, I don't want to be alone. I feel lost.
Covid-19 has made me more depressed i miss being outside, traveling, hanging with my friends and be happy.
Have an essay due Monday and haven’t even finished the lessons. I feel like I shouldn’t be doing this degree
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
Depression is currently taking a toll on my life. This pandemic is stressing me out.
I have been suffering from depression for many years due to emotional trauma
I was given reduced hours at work and there might be a chance I could get laid off because I just started and there is lack of work. However, my expenses are the same and income is reducing.
I feel very bad to work on remotely. It sucks me and i cant anage the work life balance on this covid pandamic. It really hard to manage my time with my family and they expect more from us hence we are in work from home.
I am very depressed and i dont know what to do
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
My family have lost confidence in me due to my alcoholism. I want to stop but don't know how. I have tried before but some things I go through make me go back. What can I do?
A friend keeps talking lies
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
Work is extremely stressful. I work 12 hour days and I feel like I have no time to do the things I like.
My friend is a good friend of mine but he is not a suitor as in I would not want to marry or date him but my fiance still gets bothered by me talking to him. I don't talk to him anymore but can't see why he still considers it microcheating even if I don't talk about our relationship.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
Ive gained some weight after having my kids. I havent been able to lose or go below 150. so nothing fits, or nothing looks good on me anymore. and i feel thats why my boyfriend doesnt compliment me ever or make me feel wanted at all.
MY Son-in-Law is treating our daughter and Grandaughter indifferent, gaslighting and treats the dog better.
I don't know what to do anymore, everything in my life is going downward.
always being asked to do things and help , and no one is here for me
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused me to be depressed. I am sad because there is nowhere we can go. We have to stay home and that is getting depressing. My husband and I want to travel but we can't. We are retired and feel as though our lives are being destroyed.
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
just always feel this way
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
sleep problems with over depression have adverse effects cognitive and behavioral functions.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
I am qualified for a promotion but my boss won't promote me
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
My best friend flirted with my wife and asked if she wants to have sex with her.
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
My youngest sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her two children.
Not being able to visit parents for Thanksgiving because of Covid.
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
Lost my job and unable to find the new on
My school is extremely rigorous and I'm experiencing difficulty with anxiety
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
I just got layed off.
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
feel alone. have no one to talk to about things. feel depressed,sad,hopeless. on top of feeling depressed i am also stressed out about my finances
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
I will lose my job in January
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
lot of problems in my working climate.my supervisor is very strict and angry man. any problem create in lot of issues in work place.
I lost my job 4 month ago and I am running out of money.
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
My industry has been shut down since March due to covid-19 and I've been struggling to find work that is safe for me to do (I have asthma and a blood disorder that compromises my immune system), haven't had any success with unemployment and really just very stressed about money.
I have a horrible professor that has not adapted to technology well for COVID. There is one week left and he just assigned a major lab to do at home out of nowhere.He's also horrible at communicating.
i have depression because recently i lost my job
I dewl shameful for some of my actions in the past
I recently lost my grandmother and today grief came out of nowhere for the first time in a few weeks. Feeling very down.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
I have dealt with depression around this time of the year since i was 17. I am now 37. My cousin got killed in a car accident on Dec 29th at the age of 14. Then 18 years later on Jan 3rd I lost my boyfriend in a car accident. I struggle around the holidays even worse now than I did before.
stree leads to depression
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
I've recently lost my job due to the covid situation and my funds are dwindling by the day while we've been out into another lockdown
i couldnt sleep because my neighbors were partying and playing loud music
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
My friend started posting on his wall that he believes that Democrats cheated on the election. I had known him for over 20 years and I don't know if I can trust him every again.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
I keep trying to get started, but my kitchen mess seems so overwhelming.
I was going to marry my girlfriend but she broke up with me a prior to proposing for an unknown reason.
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
My partner left me after 7 years and broke up with me over text.
friend has possible COVID and going to hospital today for tests
My friend's are Trump supporters. It hurts because it does not follow my values and morals.
I am nervous and anxious about my status with my friends. I am not sure what I mean to them and if I am easily replaceable.
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
My longtime partner revealed that they cheated on me during the pandemic and I've very very sad about it
my friend stud me up for a weekend trip cost was then all on me and she has been badmouthing me ever since. Saying I am the bad person because of a voicemail left her
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
Not being able to do my daily routine is really getting to me. It's hard to get up every morning.
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
covid no work
End of job contract
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
I have anxiety to leave my families,
My boyfriend left me after I confronted him about cheating on me. He admitted to cheating and was happy I knew. Then he told me he had been trying to figure out how to leave me and I now made it easy for him.
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
I TALK WITH MY FRIENDSHIP
My dad and I do not talk anymore even though we used to be close.
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
I was in a course with a bad teacher and was not doing well. I felt like his grading was unfair and his teaching methods were unclear. When I tried to talk to him about the issues I was having I didn't feel like he did anything to help.
I'm disgusted that the professors don't see me as a human with real emotions and feelings.
I am in the middle of job hunting but it has been very difficult to find one during the pandemic. This really upsets me.
My husband and I constantly argue about discipline of our kids.
I battle depression and recently my regular meds just aren't helping. I am exhausted morning to night and have no interest or enjoyment in anything I do.
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
My longtime partner revealed that they cheated on me during the pandemic and I've very very sad about it
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
Staying home with my children instead of going to work is making me anxious.
I became a single mother last year and am battling with postpartum depression. I thought I would enjoy being a mother more. But I am unhappy.
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
My best friend flirted with my wife and asked if she wants to have sex with her.
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
My husband and I are having a very difficult tine both working remotely during the corona virus and having two kids with us all day who are learning online. We are being interrupted daily and they tend to come to my office more-so than my husbands. He seems to think I can deal with this better and more efficiently but my work is just as important as his. We both make about the same income.
I am in the middle of job hunting but it has been very difficult to find one during the pandemic. This really upsets me.
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
I accidentally shared a nude photo that was intended for private viewing to a group chat with several friends.
I am having a very hard time finding a job due to covid.
I need a job but finding one that doesn't require weekends is almost impossible. There are no day cares in my area that watch kids on the weekend so that is another delima.
Not able to find suitable job
I have a friend who is mad at me because I told her to pull up her mask while she was talking to me. She became very offended and actually started yelling at me as to how I am healthy and will live through Corona if I caught it. I reminded her about my family and other people but she is stubborn. She is just now starting to believe Corona is real.
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
My friends just not having my back and just not pulling their weight when it comes to paying for stuff. For example, they expect me to pay for everything when we go out to dinner or even go to the bar. Any type of activity they will be
when i lost my job and i was at home for long time due to no job i felt very shame on me and eat lot and gained much weight so i felt so lonely and no job no body structure no boy friend .i am literally nothing
NO MOTIVATION
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
My aunt died a week ago who was 90. Was very close to her.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I am having trouble getting over the loss of a friendship that was important to me. I was very close to someone who acted as though he was my best friend but secretly didn't care for me at all. Eventually he told me so, and every time I think about it it feels like a punch in the stomach, even years later.
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
Christmas is coming up and I've been having a terrible time finding a job.
Trying to adapt to teaching students online and feeling like I am failing them
Parents are pressuring me to become a doctor
The partiality in my work place and the favorability to people who hardly work but always say "yes" to my manager's say.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
I am depressed staying home due to COVID
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
Me and a close friend of mine got in an arguement because she dated a guy that I had just broke up with and I dated a guy that she had just broke up with
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
I lost my job, my car was just repossessed and my bills are all behind.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
My fiance and I are splitting up after 5 years and I feel like I'm starting over again.
I broke up with my girlfriend.
My friend's dad passed away due to Coronavirus and I am sad.
Need a second job to pay off credit card bills
I have anxiety to leave my families,
i lost job in covid ,i lost my home due to unpaid of mortgage ..full in stress how to pay homeloans and how to get new job in this covid situations
End of job contract
For a long time I have struggled with depression
I studied really hard and failed my math test, i even got a tutor. worst day ever.
A coworker feels that I am discriminating against her because I give corrective feedback on procedures she is doing wrong. There have been numerous occasions of her wrongdoing.
Due to this pandemic, I've been feeling more depressed than ever. I am fearful for my job and my financials. Not a day goes by I don't think about my financial situation. If this pandemic keeps going on, my financial situation will worsen.
I met Ivy a couple of years ago at the park. It only took one glimpse to feel my heart sparked. We kicked off things slowly, its been two years now. She confessed her love to me and I did the same. I was planning to propose to her when i found out she is pregnant with another mans child. I am broken, my future is no more and I feel my life is meaningless
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
Anxiety about losing my job
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
I TALK WITH MY FRIENDSHIP
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
I am very anxious about loved ones with COVID right now and finances this close to the Holidays
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
I lost my job.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
Fear of layoff from job
Christmas is coming up and I've been having a terrible time finding a job.
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
The pandemic is causing my company to close. I am now going to be searching for a job in a saturated market!
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
Covid 19 and not being able to see my friends and family
We had a staff appreciation day, but we all got drunk by the end of the day. So now I am worried my boss will judge me or fire me.
End of job contract
I failed my Finals and now I am on academic probation. I am afraid I will be expelled.
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
My job terminated a lot of people recently and I am afraid that they will do that again and I may lose my job if that happens
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
I work in the night. I have to sleep in the day. This is for throughout the year. I strive for sound sleeping. I become depressed of insufficient sleeping.
I recently argued with my family about my dating partner.
I used to love my field of study, But soon after entering the university I started skipping the classes and failing. I lost my interest and there was nothing to motivate me.
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
I miss my girlfriend so much and she left me for my best friend.
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
A co-worker continues to usurp my authority and interfere with my duties / responsibilities.
no specific event to describe
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
I am depressed and always angry. I lose my temper and say racist things to people, and am miserable to be around. I got mad at my father inlaw for talking badly about President Trump on Thanksgiving, and I called everyone "a bunch of nigger lovers" and stormed out of the house. Been angry ever since.
My husband and I are having a very difficult tine both working remotely during the corona virus and having two kids with us all day who are learning online. We are being interrupted daily and they tend to come to my office more-so than my husbands. He seems to think I can deal with this better and more efficiently but my work is just as important as his. We both make about the same income.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
i have discontinued my studies due to financial problems. i feel like i am depressed lately.
My ongoing depression is getting worse due to this pandemic.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years.
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
We had a staff appreciation day, but we all got drunk by the end of the day. So now I am worried my boss will judge me or fire me.
i'm very sad because my friend doesn't want to talk with me
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
I keep procrastinating cleaning, doing crafts, etc, stuff that I want to do and to get done, but that I seem to be unmotivated to do. It's frustrating.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I feel hopeless. Sometimes I just want to end my life. It isn't worth it.
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
I think I need to break up with my girlfriend because my feelings have changed
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
Job safety is causing my sadness and stress. COVID-19 is making it worse.
My best friend is addicted to meth
Car accident led to traumatic brain injury and PTSD having nightmares 2x a week.
just down
My boyfriend broke up with me, but we live together and have roommates. Now he is turning the roommates against me.
I found out that my boss has not been paying me accurately. I am so upset because I don't know what to do. I feel like I should quit.
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
my boyfriend left me out of the blue. he is not responding anything clearly. he is avoiding me now.
Trying to adapt to teaching students online and feeling like I am failing them
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
i am breaked with my lover
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
My company is cutting salaries next year because of the pandemic, with potential for layoffs
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
I did a very disgusting thing, I dated online without know, who is she, she tricked me with her naked pictures and I fell into her hand by sent 4000 dollar to her
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
I dewl shameful for some of my actions in the past
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
I am finding the second lockdown intensely difficult to deal with, even worse than the first.
just everyday life
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
The holidays always make me sad.
My best friend is addicted to meth
I just don't really feel enthused about anything right now. I feel like I can't make any future plans, and that I don't have anything to look forward to.
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
Because of my classes going completely online, it's been incredibly hard for me to keep up in my classes. Because of this, my grades are falling dramatically and I'm afraid that I won't be able to continue in college if next semester is also like this. I've tried reaching out to my professors, but most of them have been unhelpful with my situation.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
I am on short term disability and I am afraid I will lose my job if I don't go back soon.
I found out that my boss has not been paying me accurately. I am so upset because I don't know what to do. I feel like I should quit.
It is finals week at my college and I am very anxious about it.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
My friend's are Trump supporters. It hurts because it does not follow my values and morals.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
I have been feeling like my friends don't like me and it's making me feel bad.
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
I have been feeling kinda down lately since my pet died. I miss her so much.
I have a friend that completely screwed me out of money on a business venture.
My ex-boyfriend and I decided to split after 6 years and we are also deciding who will be moving from our shared apartment.
JUST LOST A FRIEND , A VERY CLOSE TIGHT FRIEND THAT WAS ALWAYS THERE FOR ME
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
Raising grandson and he is being very difficult and not listening. I also have a lot of medical issues that limit my abilities. And my grandson's father is no help, he just drops him off and leaves, never asks if need anything or how I am doing.
I just broke up with my boyfriend and I hinestly don't know what to do
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
My mother told me that she hurt her knee and can not work.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I HAVE NOT worked in 4 years and i feel very ashamed
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
Having been having panic attacks more often now that we are in quarantined
i was furloughed
It is finals week and i have a lot to do. I have been having bad dreams about my grades and future.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
Losing Job
I don't think my current job is right for me. I have been doing it for 7 years and it's all I know. I don't know what to do for the best.
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
My girlfriend broke up with me and now I have no motivation and I am depressed most of the time.
I have a huge test coming up soon and I don't think I am ready for it.
My boy friend left me for nothing, I tried to ask for explanation but i won't get any thing , make me depressed and felt alone.
i cheated on her
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
End of job contract
My boyfriend and I recently broke up due to our long-distance relationship and the impact COVID-19 has had on the travel industry.
suicide
My girlfriend has a rare condition that can be very expensive to just keep her healthy. Her grandparents are supporting us and the grandmother's husband is going through dementia and making everyone stressed and could possibly die leaving 3 houses to pay off.
I have been recently laid out because of COVID-19 and not solved yet.
I am very anxious about loved ones with COVID right now and finances this close to the Holidays
My friends will not even call me half the time even though I am always calling them and trying to get together.
Not having enough friends nearby. My three nearby friends went away for holidays, so I have no one to spend time with over this weekend.
I am battling with letting my past childhood trauma effect my relationship and the raising of my child.
My husband and I are having a hard time communicating.
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
i left my job, and moved across the country without another job lined up. it's been 3 months since i have worked. and this is compounded by a lot of feelings of loss and grieving as i left a job of 8 years.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
I am fighting with my parents because I am 17 and have just began my first relationship and my parents have grounded me after finding out that I am dating before the age of 18
Working four departments at once
