staying at home with kids and stopping outside work
I have been getting low grades lately and am scared I will be thrown out of my University.
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
My health is crazy and I may have to face a major surgery. I have a severe auto immune disorder and even though I've had it for 8 years you never get used to it.
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
I lost my aun a couple weeks ago
i just broke up with my girlfriend last week. I found her cheating
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
I accidentally shared a nude photo that was intended for private viewing to a group chat with several friends.
trying to find a job with good hours
I was homeless. I had to leave a place I loved. It was mentally a bad state.
I lost my job in January. Because of my health, I am afraid of taking a job outside home. So I am trying to make money on MTurk and YouTube.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
I just feel generally down.
I am worried about failing my college math exams and being kicked out of school.
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I have a friend that completely screwed me out of money on a business venture.
These mofos are trying to charge me an "administrative processing fee" for helping gather some supplies!! Taxin' my packages man!
I can't fall asleep as my mind races at night
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
I will be losing my job in january. I am very fearful about finding a new one.
I'm angry at my mother, she never seems to understand me and always criticize everything I do whether good or bad.
I made a mistake at work by not calling a placement for a resident and now they are unable to leave in time and my boss is upset.
My ongoing depression is getting worse due to this pandemic.
just can not get out of a bad mood
They want me to work on a project with them. I agreed to it. Wondering how it will go.
My parents are always telling me I should be disciplining my children differently. Things are different than when they raised us.
Friends keep calling my face ugly
My three years relationship ended last week , he betrayed me he had another affair , we discussed and break up . He misused my credit card he took my all money. he spreading fake news about me in social media.
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
Remote working is unfavorable
I have suffered from depression for twenty years and despair of every getting any better.
I had my heart set on a Veterinary Technology program at a particular school and I just found out that I won't be able to apply in time. I feel like I have to reassess my future plans.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
I don't think my current job is right for me. I have been doing it for 7 years and it's all I know. I don't know what to do for the best.
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
I did not study and did poorly on a test.
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
I recently lost my grandmother and today grief came out of nowhere for the first time in a few weeks. Feeling very down.
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
I fear disappointing my parents.
my girlfriend was break up with me i found out that she was cheating on me
Distance learning is difficult. I'm having trouble with school and my grades seem to be dropping.
My boyfriend was disrespectful. he went ahead to cheat on me with the particular girl i warned him about seeing. he lied about it even after being caught and tried to emotionally blackmail me with it still.
I learned that my friend's husband was shot and killed over a drug deal. He was high at the time. My daughter carpools with his daughter every day and he was often the driver. Was he high when he was driving her around? I don't know how to act around my friend. Did she know?
I've been so blessed to have such a great job but thanks to Corona, my works has come to a screeching halt. I'm so anxious because I don't know when my next check will be or for how much. The pressure and stress is almost too much.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
Loss of job and the pandemic
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
Conflict with parents
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
Anxiety about losing my job
I have a lot of homework and work, and thinking of the future is very stressful, I am not sure how to plan all my work and handle everything.
Time of the year when family is not around
the pandemic
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
For the last few weeks everything is an effort. I just can't get motivated. Why clean the house it will just get messed up again and no one else cares. I feel bad for my dog I don't even take him for walks anymore. Things that usually cheer me up or make me happy just seem pointless. No matter how hard I try I get nowhere. I just want to sleep until these feelings go away if they ever do
breakup with partner
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. I WANT TO ACHEIVE SOMETHING IN MY LIFE. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS AND ALSO I THINK ABOUT IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. SO THIS MAKES ME DEPRESSED PERSON AND EVEN I CAN'T TALK WITH MY FRIENDS WELL
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
I had some recent car trouble and the problem has gotten worse. It has caused the mechanic bill to get bigger and bigger and I don't know how I am going to pay for it.
i cant do well in school and they mock me
Some former friends of mine have remained friends with a person who abused me and stood up for them in court.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
I am breaking up with my spouse
I failed an exam last semester and have to stay in school for another year.
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for another one at this time.
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
I just broke up with my boyfriend and I hinestly don't know what to do
I have finals coming up and I'm very nervous for them.
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
I was raped by my first boyfriend when I was thirteen years old.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
Loss of job and the pandemic
Not having enough money to pay my bills.
Self isolation due to the pandemic. Home with the kids alone every day.
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
breaking up cause husband cheating
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
I wanted to start having sex with other women from the Internet and my wife would not allow it.
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
my husband cheated on me and i want to divirce him
My friends and family do not really pay attention to me unless they need me to solve a problem. I am lonely because unless they need something they aren’t there for me. They only seek me out when they are needy
I am very depressed. I always have been. I don't know how to fix it. I've tried therapy and medicine but they don't seem to work.
overall daily stresses
I got fired from my job during the pandemic, I don't know if I'll be able to find another job.
I have broken up with my partner of two years, she is amazing but I ended it as I thought my feelings had changed. I broke her heart but now I think I want her back but in afraid she might have moved on.
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
sleep problems with over depression have adverse effects cognitive and behavioral functions.
its hard for me to find a job
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
Covid isolation has brought me down; i am used to socializing and traveling. i live alone, so my options are limited
I have a horrible professor that has not adapted to technology well for COVID. There is one week left and he just assigned a major lab to do at home out of nowhere.He's also horrible at communicating.
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
My parents are always telling me I should be disciplining my children differently. Things are different than when they raised us.
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
They want me to work on a project with them. I agreed to it. Wondering how it will go.
can't find a job/path in life
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
I have been feeling like my friends don't like me and it's making me feel bad.
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
Ilost my home when my partner died. He had changed the will and I didn't know.
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
I lost my job due to the fact my employer could not make a medical exemption for me. My wife works part-time now but I need to try to make money on the side so I can watch my daughter.
I am afraid of failure, and it paralyses me to where I cannot study enough to score well on the tests.
My industry has been shut down since March due to covid-19 and I've been struggling to find work that is safe for me to do (I have asthma and a blood disorder that compromises my immune system), haven't had any success with unemployment and really just very stressed about money.
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
Me and a close friend of mine got in an arguement because she dated a guy that I had just broke up with and I dated a guy that she had just broke up with
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
i couldnt sleep because my neighbors were partying and playing loud music
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused me to be depressed. I am sad because there is nowhere we can go. We have to stay home and that is getting depressing. My husband and I want to travel but we can't. We are retired and feel as though our lives are being destroyed.
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
Job safety is causing my sadness and stress. COVID-19 is making it worse.
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not because we are fighting a lot
I have been very depressed due to lack of job and its affecting me mentally
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
I am having a very hard time finding a job due to covid.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
just everyday life
Due to this pandemic, I fear for my job.
I am drinkin beers almost every day
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
I have so much credit card debt and don't know how I am going to pay it off
I am finding the second lockdown intensely difficult to deal with, even worse than the first.
I always feel like the way I look does not live up to the expectations of those close to me. This makes me very anxious when I go to meet with them.
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
I recently found out that my best friend has lied to me about her whole life, and when I invited to my home she finally told me the truth after staying for a month ad we were fighting for the entire month she stayed.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
related to the current pandemic
found out my fiance was cheating on me
Fear about losing a job
I have suffered from depression for twenty years and despair of every getting any better.
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years.
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
I miss my girlfriend so much and she left me for my best friend.
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
I'm in depression because my kids not listen to me.
trying to find a job with good hours
My beautiful Daughter is married to a man that does not treat her well. Gas-lights her continiually. This has rubbed off on their 5 year old daughter.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
there are me and my friend open some new company in my village. the company is run by one year than start the problem in partner ship. he is lie to me the account is not clear in every field so i will very anxiety with my partner
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
ongoing depression every day . It s hard to even get out of bed
I just found out that my job has to make cuts and layoffs, and I am worried about my job and my colleague's jobs.
I dewl shameful for some of my actions in the past
My company is making people redundant and I am stressed.
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
I have been recently laid out because of COVID-19 and not solved yet.
I broke up with my partner.
I've been so blessed to have such a great job but thanks to Corona, my works has come to a screeching halt. I'm so anxious because I don't know when my next check will be or for how much. The pressure and stress is almost too much.
My industry has been shut down since March due to covid-19 and I've been struggling to find work that is safe for me to do (I have asthma and a blood disorder that compromises my immune system), haven't had any success with unemployment and really just very stressed about money.
i cheated on her
I got a bad grade on a paper
Had a fight with friend.
I think I've drifted apart from a friend I've known since college because of the pandemic. We rarely communicate and the last time we did she tells me about the things she has been doing with her NEW friends.
I suffer from chronic depression and stress due to a number of factors. Currently, life is very overwhelming with medical issues plaguing myself, my husband and our two children. I can't catch a break and I'm feeling overwhelmed.
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
trying to find a job with good hours
My boyfriend broke up with me after being together for 5 years. He also cheated on me with my best friend.
I just have no energy and feel helpless about current events.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
school keeps dragging on and it's getting very tough to continue
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
Not able to find suitable job
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
I have been feeling kinda down lately since my pet died. I miss her so much.
I have a lot of homework and work, and thinking of the future is very stressful, I am not sure how to plan all my work and handle everything.
My current position will be eliminated within 6 months. I am very anxious and concerned that I will likely not find another position at mu current salary level.
Not able to find suitable job
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
Working as a teacher, I find it very hard to get students who don't care to engage with work. 90% of students are fine, but the other 10% are impossible as I have no support from management.
I am in a crisis over my employer not having enough money to pay me. It is really causing me to be fearful.
Not able to find suitable job
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
I have recently been let go from my job due to the pandemic, and I have been feeling sad lately.
I am worried about a friend. Since lockdown they have not been in contact and whenever I try to get in touch with them they rarely respond.
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
i feel like my life is in a rut
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
My parents have this expectation of me to give back to them even though I'm not financially stable yet
For a long time I have struggled with depression
I messed up, my girl friend got pregnant two months to my wedding with my fiancée wedding
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
Had an issue with my wife concerning my drinking habits where she complained that I had of late been drinking soo much. There was a confrontation that almost led to a breakup and now we are not talking. The situation is serious
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
Fear of layoff from job
Catching up with academic deadlines
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
The current economic downturn has me worried for the future.
I was in a relationship with the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen or been with. We have been dating for about 3 years and I was planning on spending the rest of my life with her. But I eventually lost her and everything all in a matter of months.
My curly hair is so unruly
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
My dog died about a month ago and I've just been feeling very depressed. I can't move on yet.
covid depression
My company fired 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I am going to be in the next round.
I lost my job 8 months ago and I haven't been able to find anything. So as a result I have felt very depressed because my life has lost all sense of structure.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
I feel anxious all the time about covid and trying to make money.
My boyfriend broke up with me after being together for 5 years. He also cheated on me with my best friend.
I have a lot of homework and work, and thinking of the future is very stressful, I am not sure how to plan all my work and handle everything.
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
I have a very stressful meeting tomorrow morning. I'm feeling nervous and anxious about it.
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
My boss reduced my pay so that he gets a bonus
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I'm failing my classes and I'm on scholarship
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
My husband abandoned me and my kids
i and this lady went on a date last week, we were both in love and so i asked her out on our first date.... she told me yes the next day slept over at her place and we had sex... after a week she started behaving strange.. by the time i called her so we could talk she said she doesn't love me anymore
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
i was furloughed
Need a second job to pay off credit card bills
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
I have a job that does not fulfill my goals for myself. I used to love my job but coronavirus has made it hard to enjoy. It is frequent that I have nothing to do and instead sit at my desk and think about all the other things I could do.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
My project ends soon and I will need to find other employment. I am worried that doesn't to Covid I will not be able to find work.
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
Just the virus and loneliness. Isolation
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
found out my fiance was cheating on me
Not able to find suitable job
My job required me to work for 80-90 hours a week. Due to this, I could not spend any time on myself, my family and my friends.
I have anxiety to leave my families,
My girlfriend of ten years run away on our wedding day
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
Jobs are competitive
Don't feel qualified for job I am applying for.
There aren't any specific events currently happening to cause anxiety, it's more of an inability to turn off my brain. If there are issues in my life, I definitely overthink them and that causes a downward spiral into depression.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
daily stresses
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
My finance is working out of the country till 2022 and I am left here by myself until he gets home. I have no friends and no one to talk to.
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
This pandemic has me depressed everyday and the drugs are not helping, before something else happens to me or I do something stupid, help.....
I have a friend that has admitted that she was using heroin. She got help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if she is really off the heroin. I will talk to her and it is like she gets sleepy and nods off. I have talked to her and she gets mad and denies and says I am not supporting her getting help and that this is why addicts go back to drugs because they are always accused.
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
My biological sister has major issues is trying to turn my family against because of an argument we had 4 years ago
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
realizing im almost done with current degree
police shootings of unarmed black people
Not having enough friends nearby. My three nearby friends went away for holidays, so I have no one to spend time with over this weekend.
I have suffered from depression for twenty years and despair of every getting any better.
i have an exam coming up and i have not studied and its too late to cover the course work
I need to get straight A's to get into graduate school.
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
Removed from my job - apparently only because of my age - no longer doing meaningful work.
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
My dog died about a month ago and I've just been feeling very depressed. I can't move on yet.
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
Not sure if I should go back to school during covid. IT would be remote so physically there is no danger.
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
Current partner cheated on me in the past and I think he is doing it again.
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
My beautiful Daughter is married to a man that does not treat her well. Gas-lights her continiually. This has rubbed off on their 5 year old daughter.
I was let go from my job of 30 years.
my friend stud me up for a weekend trip cost was then all on me and she has been badmouthing me ever since. Saying I am the bad person because of a voicemail left her
I've been given some feedback in work that has really annoyed me and I think I should complain about it.
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
I battle depression and recently my regular meds just aren't helping. I am exhausted morning to night and have no interest or enjoyment in anything I do.
Me and a close friend of mine got in an arguement because she dated a guy that I had just broke up with and I dated a guy that she had just broke up with
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
My account went into the negative this morning.
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
I have been out of work and my father passed now we have to move to a smaller house and I am my mothers care giver
Just failed a huge test in my class and may not graduate this semester
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
My best friend of 5 years said they hated me.
when i lost my job and i was at home for long time due to no job i felt very shame on me and eat lot and gained much weight so i felt so lonely and no job no body structure no boy friend .i am literally nothing
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
I may lose a job
My father will not talk to me anymore because he is obsessed with Trump. So I call him out, and he now does not speak to or acknowledge me. We have been close until this happened, it struck me as bizarre.
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
I feel disgusted by the way my teenage daughter dresses up. She wears very tight and revealing clothing. I have tried before to talk to her about modesty but she continues to dress that way.
My friend decided to leave her husband to pursue a woman and I don't support her.
I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not because we are fighting a lot
I wanted to start having sex with other women from the Internet and my wife would not allow it.
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
My manager does not respect COVID guidelines or protect my safety.
COVID-19. has me needing people more.
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
Constant feeling that I might be laid off. I really like my job and it pays good. I have a family and cannot afford to lose job. It will be super hard for me to find new job. I just never know then and if I get laid off. I work in cruise industry and it has been few tough months.
Raising grandson and he is being very difficult and not listening. I also have a lot of medical issues that limit my abilities. And my grandson's father is no help, he just drops him off and leaves, never asks if need anything or how I am doing.
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
My longtime partner revealed that they cheated on me during the pandemic and I've very very sad about it
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. I WANT TO ACHEIVE SOMETHING IN MY LIFE. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS AND ALSO I THINK ABOUT IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. SO THIS MAKES ME DEPRESSED PERSON AND EVEN I CAN'T TALK WITH MY FRIENDS WELL
I feel I am getting looked over for a promotion/raise at work and it is causing anxiety and fear that I don’t have longevity at my company and that I’m not being valued.
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
I have naturally suffer from clinical depression
my club is giving me a fuck headache, I cannot do without Arsenal but they are fucking up on a big time
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
My boyfriend recently broke up with me out of the blue. I am feeling very alone, sad and depressed.
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
lack of job has been a problem
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
Going to lose my job in January, not sure what to do about that.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
My husband and I constantly argue about discipline of our kids.
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
Time of the year when family is not around
just down
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
Friends do not want to hang out due to pandemic
I keep failing my classes and cannot seem to catch up
I became jobless. My boss and I had a disagreement and she terminated me.
I'm in depression because i lost my job
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
Why do I always get the worst teachers? It makes school so hard in general.
I have just realized I will never be able to afford a real house for my family and feel horrible,
I cannot deal with the death of a parent. This was some years ago but still badly affects me.
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
My roommate says she wants me to move out.
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
covid 19 issues
i cheated on her
I broke up with partner , my friend sent me pic of her hubby etc
My friends talk behind my back and always try to get me in trouble but don't show it.
My thesis is due tomorrow and we have to do an individual presentation about our topics. I feel prepared but I know one professor that knows she intimidates me. I am just a nervous wreck.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
My friend is a good friend of mine but he is not a suitor as in I would not want to marry or date him but my fiance still gets bothered by me talking to him. I don't talk to him anymore but can't see why he still considers it microcheating even if I don't talk about our relationship.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
I've been feeling low for the last few months, and have been finding it hard to sleep at night.
My job required me to work for 80-90 hours a week. Due to this, I could not spend any time on myself, my family and my friends.
i don't understand the course
COVID-19 made me lose my beautiful job which I admire a lot and I am searching for another one which is not fort coming. Please what can I do now?
covid 19 issues
I recently lost my job and I am worried that i will not able to pay my bills. This situation is making me anger.
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
Trying to find a job
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
Due to this pandemic, I've been feeling more depressed than ever. I am fearful for my job and my financials. Not a day goes by I don't think about my financial situation. If this pandemic keeps going on, my financial situation will worsen.
constant fighting
New boss who is difficult
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
I met Ivy a couple of years ago at the park. It only took one glimpse to feel my heart sparked. We kicked off things slowly, its been two years now. She confessed her love to me and I did the same. I was planning to propose to her when i found out she is pregnant with another mans child. I am broken, my future is no more and I feel my life is meaningless
I am depressed and always angry. I lose my temper and say racist things to people, and am miserable to be around. I got mad at my father inlaw for talking badly about President Trump on Thanksgiving, and I called everyone "a bunch of nigger lovers" and stormed out of the house. Been angry ever since.
My husband abandoned me and my kids
No money to celebrate christiamass
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
Fear of layoff from my job
I recently found out that my best friend has lied to me about her whole life, and when I invited to my home she finally told me the truth after staying for a month ad we were fighting for the entire month she stayed.
My best friend flirted with my wife and asked if she wants to have sex with her.
worried about losing my job
I have a job that does not fulfill my goals for myself. I used to love my job but coronavirus has made it hard to enjoy. It is frequent that I have nothing to do and instead sit at my desk and think about all the other things I could do.
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
My finance is working out of the country till 2022 and I am left here by myself until he gets home. I have no friends and no one to talk to.
my husband cheated on me and i want to divirce him
My boyfriend broke up with me and he had control of all our expenses and now im broke and dont have a place to stay so I feel really depressed
Covid-19 has made me more depressed i miss being outside, traveling, hanging with my friends and be happy.
My industry shut down due to Covid-19 and I am currently seeking work but very financially behind and stresed about it.
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
I have dealt with depression around this time of the year since i was 17. I am now 37. My cousin got killed in a car accident on Dec 29th at the age of 14. Then 18 years later on Jan 3rd I lost my boyfriend in a car accident. I struggle around the holidays even worse now than I did before.
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
It is not well to do better information for gather with my friends and they irritated me.
covid depression
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
I have dealt with depression around this time of the year since i was 17. I am now 37. My cousin got killed in a car accident on Dec 29th at the age of 14. Then 18 years later on Jan 3rd I lost my boyfriend in a car accident. I struggle around the holidays even worse now than I did before.
I'm stressed about my final grades and ongoing pressure to do well academically. I don't know how to motivate myself, as I'm too afraid of the outcome.
I've been just really sad recently and I don't know how to bring my mood up
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
I have so much credit card debt and don't know how I am going to pay it off
Recently divorced my husband of eight years after finding out he married another women overseas.
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
This COVID pandemic has really gotten to me! I'm not ready to die, but I can't stand living like this anymore!
I have developed "cabin fever". not being able to go out and do something has put me in depression.
I have finals coming up and I am afraid I an not smart enough to pass
School's going badly. I really wish I had chosen a different major.
police shootings of unarmed black people
I have recently been let go from my job due to the pandemic, and I have been feeling sad lately.
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
COVID-19 has changed the way we learn and the last year has been really difficult. I don't feel as connected in my classes and I plan to apply to grad school. I don't know how this will affect me as I begin to think about programs to apply to next year.
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
Parents pressuring me to do well in studies
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
I feel I am getting looked over for a promotion/raise at work and it is causing anxiety and fear that I don’t have longevity at my company and that I’m not being valued.
I was in a course with a bad teacher and was not doing well. I felt like his grading was unfair and his teaching methods were unclear. When I tried to talk to him about the issues I was having I didn't feel like he did anything to help.
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
I became a single mother last year and am battling with postpartum depression. I thought I would enjoy being a mother more. But I am unhappy.
I just got my job and I heard they have to let people go because business is slow.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
fight with the partner
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
They want me to work on a project with them. I agreed to it. Wondering how it will go.
I just woke up and felt sad and I cannot shake the feeling and I just want to cry and never leave bed
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
Remote working is unfavorable
I'm bummed about my employer cutting my pay
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
I've been feeling low for the last few months, and have been finding it hard to sleep at night.
breaking up cause husband cheating
bad experiences with others
daily stresses
Since getting a new job I feel like I'm constantly trying to prove myself. I measure myself against other people and just don't feel I'm good enough I'm having a real issue with my confidence at the moment
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
Me and my friend got into an argument and are not in speaking terms
I have always been an honors student but with virtual school, I'm falling so far behind and I'm not sure when school will ever go back to normal.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
My ex-boyfriend and I decided to split after 6 years and we are also deciding who will be moving from our shared apartment.
My boss recently left the company and I am not getting the information from her boss that I need. It is worrisome.
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
My friend has passed away and I'm struggling to deal with the grief.
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
I'm fearful of where I'll be living in the future.
I don't know what to do anymore, everything in my life is going downward.
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
I miss my friends.
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
trying to find a job with good hours
My boss reduced my pay so that he gets a bonus
fight with the partner
School has been putting a lot of pressure on me recently. Especially with finals going on.
I keep having dreams that I've forgotten to go to one of my classes and I won't graduate on time.
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
its hard for me to find a job
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
my dog died recently
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
i broke up with my partner and am feeling like i should even commit suiside, i was played a fool
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
I feel I am failing in my graduate program. I feel that I am not good enough to earn my doctorate degree.
I want to break up with my partner who ive been married to for 6 years with a 5 year old child
bad experiences with others
the current pandemic
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
I can not seem to find a job no matter how hard I try. My last job was cut short because of all the pandemic restrictions. I'm so depressed.
Had an issue with my wife concerning my drinking habits where she complained that I had of late been drinking soo much. There was a confrontation that almost led to a breakup and now we are not talking. The situation is serious
My friends are always leaving me out of activities.
My curly hair is so unruly
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
I am depressed staying home due to COVID
I've recently lost my job due to the covid situation and my funds are dwindling by the day while we've been out into another lockdown
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
Constant feeling that I might be laid off. I really like my job and it pays good. I have a family and cannot afford to lose job. It will be super hard for me to find new job. I just never know then and if I get laid off. I work in cruise industry and it has been few tough months.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
My company just laid off 5%. I fear I will be next. Anxiety is at all time highs.
My project ends soon and I will need to find other employment. I am worried that doesn't to Covid I will not be able to find work.
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
Its really sad that with todays COVID crisis we are no longer able to enjoy daily normal life. We are not able to mingle and meet our family and friends. We are stuck in our homes during this unprecedented time.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
I have naturally suffer from clinical depression
just everyday life
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
Lay off from the job
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
Need a second job to pay off credit card bills
I have suffered from depression for twenty years and despair of every getting any better.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
I need to get straight A's to get into graduate school.
I will be losing my job in january. I am very fearful about finding a new one.
My best friend finally stopped showing up and stopped replying to my message.
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
Worried about my daughter abd her academic struggles. She has a genetic condition and some learning differences. Struggling to cope to work and do day to day things and give her as much support as she needs.
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
I have a lot of homework and work, and thinking of the future is very stressful, I am not sure how to plan all my work and handle everything.
finals
Quarantine keeps going on and on.
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
due to the corona virus we are all on reduced hours
I can't stand him!!!
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
a friend is going in for quadruple bypass surgery
I learned that my friend's husband was shot and killed over a drug deal. He was high at the time. My daughter carpools with his daughter every day and he was often the driver. Was he high when he was driving her around? I don't know how to act around my friend. Did she know?
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
I feel like I am not living up to my potential and I am a disappointment to my family.
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
effects of the pandemic
I have lost my job because of COVID19
My mind is consumed by depression
I am trying to complete my Master's degree while having to help my children learn virtually because of the pandemic. Managing my time has not been easy.
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
Had an issue with my wife concerning my drinking habits where she complained that I had of late been drinking soo much. There was a confrontation that almost led to a breakup and now we are not talking. The situation is serious
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
I was already having a really bad day, from a run in I had with a very rude lady. Then I received a text from someone who I thought was my friend. She felt like I haven' t been there for her because I didn't pick up her call. I honestly didn't see her call and definitely would've got back to her, if I saw her call. She said mean and nasty things about me, which I don' t care about. But she did the wrong mistake of bringing my child into the equation, when he had nothing to do with it. I wanted to really beat the crap out of her because not only did she do that, she blocked my number and ran. Like I was beyond pissed.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I want to move out of my state with my boyfriend and I think I would want to leave earlier than May. How do I tell him?
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
My account went into the negative this morning.
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
I have finals coming up and I'm very nervous for them.
My ex-boyfriend and I decided to split after 6 years and we are also deciding who will be moving from our shared apartment.
I am 50 and returning to school because I am out of work. I am, having a very tough time.
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
My friend totally screwed me over. We were doing a business deal and he lied about how much money we got from the deal. He screwed me!
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
need for good grades
My daughter was very sick. It kept my wife and I up at night because she wasn't sleeping well.
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
I'm kind of just generally feeling seasonal depression as I don't feel happy,
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
school keeps dragging on and it's getting very tough to continue
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
realizing im almost done with current degree
I just broke up with my boyfriend and I hinestly don't know what to do
I am angry because my friend judged me for not buying my nephew a birthday gift.
I keep putting of my work because I'm afraid i'll fail at it. I just need to process the data, but I don't know why I keep putting it off. I feel angry at myself
I'm in depression because i lost my job
I recently lost my job and I am worried that i will not able to pay my bills. This situation is making me anger.
My friend is dating a man who is a drug addict and she doesn't understand why I won't hang out with the two of them.
I had some recent car trouble and the problem has gotten worse. It has caused the mechanic bill to get bigger and bigger and I don't know how I am going to pay for it.
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
no specific event to describe
My friend didn't like it that he dumped me. She told him he was an idiot to do that.
Struggling to find work
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
I am in a crisis over my employer not having enough money to pay me. It is really causing me to be fearful.
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
Quit job due to stress. Trying to find a good job that is remote and not soul numbing has been hard. I just want to be a stay at home person. I have anxiety about job search.
Life in general has been hard for me and my husband has been really sick for weeks now.
My friends just not having my back and just not pulling their weight when it comes to paying for stuff. For example, they expect me to pay for everything when we go out to dinner or even go to the bar. Any type of activity they will be
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
My sister-in-law is a horrible person, and she's harrassing me for jewelery from my mom, who just died.
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
I lost my job in January. Because of my health, I am afraid of taking a job outside home. So I am trying to make money on MTurk and YouTube.
Job safety is causing my sadness and stress. COVID-19 is making it worse.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
fighting with my husband all the time and not seeing eye to eye. felling unwanted and unloved
Anxiety about losing my job
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
I have to repeat one of my classes over winter break, but I have plans with family. I will lose my scholarship if i dont pass
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
Trying to find a job
I had a nasty breakup with my boyfriend. He stepped out on me and lied to my face.
My dog died about a month ago and I've just been feeling very depressed. I can't move on yet.
General daily stresses
It is the anniversary of my fiance's death. I am having extreme depression and saddness.
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
I am living with a controlling mentally abusive husband
Fear about losing a job
I can't cope with Martins any more, he is a big liar
my friend betrayed because she thought i wanted to snatch her boyfriend from her.
I want to hangout with friends but I don't have the motivation
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
My best friend is addicted to meth
For a long time I have struggled with depression
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
I got a B+ in a class that I deserved an A- in and when I contacted the professor, he called me a liar. This really put me in a bad mood because I tried really hard in his class and he would not hear my case out.
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
I became a single mother last year and am battling with postpartum depression. I thought I would enjoy being a mother more. But I am unhappy.
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
My best friend of 5 years said they hated me.
i'm doing a bad job at my job and there are rumors i'll be fired soon. i am a newscaster at a small radio station. basically this job is too much for me. i feel tremendous pressure.
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
I feel that my friends do not really like me much and do not want to meet me
just always feel this way
My boyfriend left me for another person. I loved him so much, and I just can't seem to get over him
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
I miss seeing my friends in person and I havent heard from them in a while
I feel depressed. I hate the holidays. I don't want to pretend to be happy around my family for christmas.
Car accident led to traumatic brain injury and PTSD having nightmares 2x a week.
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
Its really sad that with todays COVID crisis we are no longer able to enjoy daily normal life. We are not able to mingle and meet our family and friends. We are stuck in our homes during this unprecedented time.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
Working four departments at once
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday. I had been with her for years and now living life without her feels heart breaking.
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
when i lost my job and i was at home for long time due to no job i felt very shame on me and eat lot and gained much weight so i felt so lonely and no job no body structure no boy friend .i am literally nothing
I recently broke up with my partner. We have been dating for over 3 years. During this time with COVID and the election, I don't want to be alone. I feel lost.
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
I feel like I am never going to be good enough to make it on my own. I'm struggling with finding a job right now, paying for anything for myself, and taking care of my teenage son who's driving me nuts as he's doing school from home. I really feel like I'm in a pit that I'll never get out of.
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
I always feel like the way I look does not live up to the expectations of those close to me. This makes me very anxious when I go to meet with them.
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
just always feel this way
COVID-19 made me lose my beautiful job which I admire a lot and I am searching for another one which is not fort coming. Please what can I do now?
Losing Job
due to the corona virus we are all on reduced hours
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
can't focus
I failed an exam last semester and have to stay in school for another year.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
I'm bummed about my employer cutting my pay
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
I live with four friends/ housemates. I like them, but at the same time we are stuck together every day 24/7. Small things add up; I am getting increasingly annoyed by their behaviors and their inconsideration for others.
I have a huge test coming up soon and I don't think I am ready for it.
I am very depressed and i dont know what to do
constant fighting
She dumped me months ago, but I can't get over her. Other women just don't appeal to me.
I drank too much and don't remember what happened last night.
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
I am depressed staying at home due to COVID.
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
realizing im almost done with current degree
I am mad at my professor for giving me a 0 on a test.
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
I am very depressed and i dont know what to do
My boss reduced my pay so that he gets a bonus
My husband keeps wasting money and we are having a hard time making ends meet. We'd be fine if he didn't overspend, but he's addicted to it.
I have been suffering from depression for many years due to emotional trauma
About to take a licensure exam for my field. I get 1 try a year to pass at a 90% rate. I deal with a lot of test anxiety and the current COVID-19 crisis has amplified my worries. How can I put myself at ease in the testing center and ace this exam?
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
crippling homework and procrastination i cant keep up in class
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
My friend's are Trump supporters. It hurts because it does not follow my values and morals.
Having a lot going on in life and school and feeling very stressed.
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
My boyfriend broke up with me, but we live together and have roommates. Now he is turning the roommates against me.
girlfriend broke my heart
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
The person ghosted me after we had an argument and I am really upset about it.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
girlfriend broke my heart
I recently split up with my boyfriend and I am regretting it.
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
i broke up with my partner and am feeling like i should even commit suiside, i was played a fool
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
I lost my job.
I can not find a career i am stressing
lost my job and will be living on the streets in 2 days
My partner broke up with me a few days ago
my friend stud me up for a weekend trip cost was then all on me and she has been badmouthing me ever since. Saying I am the bad person because of a voicemail left her
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused me to be depressed. I am sad because there is nowhere we can go. We have to stay home and that is getting depressing. My husband and I want to travel but we can't. We are retired and feel as though our lives are being destroyed.
i cheated on her
Some former friends of mine have remained friends with a person who abused me and stood up for them in court.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
Lost my job and unable to find the new on
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
i am very stressed at work so i have started to look for a new job but can't find anything
I wanted to start having sex with other women from the Internet and my wife would not allow it.
The holidays always make me sad.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
I can not find a career i am stressing
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
I am breaking up with my spouse
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
I'm mad at my boyfriend for not taking responsibility.
i am very stressed at work so i have started to look for a new job but can't find anything
I have suffered from depression for twenty years and despair of every getting any better.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
I got a B+ in a class that I deserved an A- in and when I contacted the professor, he called me a liar. This really put me in a bad mood because I tried really hard in his class and he would not hear my case out.
my boyfriend left me out of the blue. he is not responding anything clearly. he is avoiding me now.
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
My boyfriend broke up with me and he had control of all our expenses and now im broke and dont have a place to stay so I feel really depressed
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
School's going badly. I really wish I had chosen a different major.
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
Ever since the insurgent of Covid-19 ,I was hit hard when I was relieved from my full-time job for a non justifiable reason. I blame it to Covid because business was slow and it affected production. I was so frustrated and I didn't know what next to do as I had past due bills and family to take care of. I started applying for government benefits none was fast coming forth and requires a lot of processing time. I later got a part-time job that the pay was low and i could not put up with the bills .it was really tough. I almost went into depression but I did not give up home. Recently I got a full-time job but I have been scared and anxious because they keep laying off employees weekly. I wouldn't want to go through the terrible situation I had last time.
I am feeling quite nervous, apprehensive and worried about the current pandemic. I fear that I, or my loved ones, can catch it and become very ill. Also, I feel a bit isolated, which has caused me to have a bit more negative feelings of sadness.
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
i left my job, and moved across the country without another job lined up. it's been 3 months since i have worked. and this is compounded by a lot of feelings of loss and grieving as i left a job of 8 years.
I have a great friend that has died of corona virus. I am shattered because I could not see her in her last moments or go to her funeral. All we had was facetime. She was only 35 with severe asthma. I am reeling. This happened two weeks ago and my sadness and depression is overwhelming. How can I get over this?
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
I am having lot of stress due to my upcoming exams.
i cheated on her
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
I am angry because my friend judged me for not buying my nephew a birthday gift.
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
My best friend of 5 years said they hated me.
gf broke heart
i cheated on her
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
I have not been able to find a job
I can't find a job since I've been staying home with children for so many years. I'm starting to feel a shame because I am having trouble paying bills.
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
My company just laid off 5%. I fear I will be next. Anxiety is at all time highs.
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
My friend totally screwed me over. We were doing a business deal and he lied about how much money we got from the deal. He screwed me!
I am struggling with my law school exam prep. I'm not sure if I can make it through law school
related to the current pandemic
I have dealt with depression around this time of the year since i was 17. I am now 37. My cousin got killed in a car accident on Dec 29th at the age of 14. Then 18 years later on Jan 3rd I lost my boyfriend in a car accident. I struggle around the holidays even worse now than I did before.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
freind is a drunk and nobody told her besides me now she is mad at me
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
my boyfriend of three years has been cheating on me.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
i'm doing a bad job at my job and there are rumors i'll be fired soon. i am a newscaster at a small radio station. basically this job is too much for me. i feel tremendous pressure.
I miss my friends.
I was homeless. I had to leave a place I loved. It was mentally a bad state.
My grandfather's brother passed away a few days ago and I'm depressed because of it.
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
My job doesnt value me
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
I am severely stressed about my college course and my grades during the pandemic.
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
My dog died
worried about losing my job
I left my home due to income reduction, and live with sibling.
My partner left me for another woman and I simply can't get over it
I dont know what to do with out her.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
I have been sad for a while now but lately due to not being able to find a job, i am feeling very low
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
My mom got in a serious accident and ever since, I have developed anxiety whenever I cannot be around my parents
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
my friend betrayed because she thought i wanted to snatch her boyfriend from her.
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
Looking in the mirror I know I’m fine enough to go out in public. But I still feel horrible about what I see. And I know it’s never going to be good enough.
My thesis is due tomorrow and we have to do an individual presentation about our topics. I feel prepared but I know one professor that knows she intimidates me. I am just a nervous wreck.
About to take a licensure exam for my field. I get 1 try a year to pass at a 90% rate. I deal with a lot of test anxiety and the current COVID-19 crisis has amplified my worries. How can I put myself at ease in the testing center and ace this exam?
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
I have so much credit card debt and don't know how I am going to pay it off
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
just everyday life
I recently broke-up with my boyfriend. We were together 5 years.
i lost job in covid ,i lost my home due to unpaid of mortgage ..full in stress how to pay homeloans and how to get new job in this covid situations
struggling with my demons
Everything was going crazy in the world with COVID. I was worried about my daughter and her education. Then suddenly, I lose a lot of my hours at work and have to quit one of my jobs due to the virus and becoming her main caretaker again. This really makes me nervous because the price of everything is continually going up and I have little excess money to spend.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
My company is going through a restructure and i am worried about my job
I am drinkin beers almost every day
I recently broke up with my partner. We have been dating for over 3 years. During this time with COVID and the election, I don't want to be alone. I feel lost.
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
caught my girlfriend cheating on me with my neighbor its was so horrible scene for me all i could do was cry and drink because i love her so much, the pain was much that all i could think of was killing her and myself, Guess its isn't wrong if i kill the guy he cheated with too?
breakup with partner
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
i feel like my life is in a rut
covid 19 issues
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
Losing Job
the current pandemic
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
I broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. I've been feeling lonely ever since.
My job doesnt value me
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
always being asked to do things and help , and no one is here for me
Pretty down with the lack of securing a job and improving my finaces.
My girlfriend of ten years run away on our wedding day
caught my girlfriend cheating on me with my neighbor its was so horrible scene for me all i could do was cry and drink because i love her so much, the pain was much that all i could think of was killing her and myself, Guess its isn't wrong if i kill the guy he cheated with too?
no specific event to describe
Covid 19 and not being able to see my friends and family
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
Constant pain from back problems.
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
How can I cope with losing my boyfriend to another woman?
my girlfriend was break up with me i found out that she was cheating on me
My supervisor recently resigned from my organization and I am worried that I cannot step up and fill her role. I want that role too!
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
I'm so worried about breaking up with my boyfriend that I'm shaking.
I can't figure out why my friends don't understand why I want to keep a bit distant during COVID
I had a nasty breakup with my boyfriend. He stepped out on me and lied to my face.
My finance is working out of the country till 2022 and I am left here by myself until he gets home. I have no friends and no one to talk to.
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
I have 6 finals that are coming up soon, and i need to do well in order to have a good GPA for medical school
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
I am nervous and anxious about my status with my friends. I am not sure what I mean to them and if I am easily replaceable.
I don't know if I should continue with school right now and I am having a hard time making the decision.
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
I have recently been diagnosed with cancer. I am currently undergoing chemo. The whole situation has caused my anxiety and depression to be so much worse.
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
I have recently been let go from my job due to the pandemic, and I have been feeling sad lately.
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
My best friend's son died in a car accident.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
my boyfriend of three years has been cheating on me.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about finding a new one.
I have been recently laid out because of COVID-19 and not solved yet.
My friend created a separate chat for planning hangouts and did not include me.
the current pandemic
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
My friend started posting on his wall that he believes that Democrats cheated on the election. I had known him for over 20 years and I don't know if I can trust him every again.
i broke up with my partner and am feeling like i should even commit suiside, i was played a fool
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
My friend started posting on his wall that he believes that Democrats cheated on the election. I had known him for over 20 years and I don't know if I can trust him every again.
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
I have to find a higher paying job but it has been a while since I worked full time.
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
My friends won't hang out with me
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
I got a bad grade on a paper
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
I broke up with a partner and I’m verbally upset and emotionally upset as well
I cannot deal with the death of a parent. This was some years ago but still badly affects me.
I think I need to break up with my girlfriend because my feelings have changed
I have been very depressed due to lack of job and its affecting me mentally
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
One of my best friends I lived with moved out and screwed us over with the lease and her rent the DAY BEFORE rent was due and then blocked us on everything so that we couldn't ask her to pay.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
no specific event to describe
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
I've been so blessed to have such a great job but thanks to Corona, my works has come to a screeching halt. I'm so anxious because I don't know when my next check will be or for how much. The pressure and stress is almost too much.
I was in the store and there were two other women. They were whispering to each other and looking at me. I could hear a couple words and they were making fun of my hair and the way I dress. People just don't accept me. It's hard to feel so different.
I'm so worried about breaking up with my boyfriend that I'm shaking.
I have developed "cabin fever". not being able to go out and do something has put me in depression.
I'm in the depression because of todays market situation
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
just everyday life
I've always struggled with depression. I just feel hopeless.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
due to the corona virus we are all on reduced hours
I was working when one of my bosses continued to bully and speak down to me
My son has bipolar disorder and he is only 9. He has delusions and has lost his mind for a month now. He is in the hospital and I am terrified he won't get it back. He has delusions and I'm worried.
I feel like I am not doing my job very well and that my co workers can tell that I suck at my job and are possibly conspiring against me.
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
My best friend of 5 years said they hated me.
My son has bipolar disorder and he is only 9. He has delusions and has lost his mind for a month now. He is in the hospital and I am terrified he won't get it back. He has delusions and I'm worried.
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
I fear disappointing my parents.
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
Not really succeeding in college
I am having lot of stress due to my upcoming exams.
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
I am battling with letting my past childhood trauma effect my relationship and the raising of my child.
I left my home due to income reduction, and live with sibling.
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
I am afraid of receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I feel that worried about my finances as I am tapping into my savings to feel afloat.
turned in ex gf to cps for giving her kids drugs.
My health is crazy and I may have to face a major surgery. I have a severe auto immune disorder and even though I've had it for 8 years you never get used to it.
I feel hopeless. Sometimes I just want to end my life. It isn't worth it.
In my youthful exuberance for entertainment, I had ditched study plans with my high school friend while we were in college to go play video games with some of my new college friends. After this event, I lost my high school friends
I'm so sad all the time.
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
My coworker is constantly telling me what to do like she is my boss. I told her about it and she still does it. I cannot make a move without criticism or a comment on how to do it her way. I how to do my job and it angers me when she expects me to do it her way.
suicide
School's going badly. I really wish I had chosen a different major.
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
just always feel this way
My youngest sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her two children.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
Struggling to find work
I don't know what to do anymore, everything in my life is going downward.
stree leads to depression
I want to hangout with friends but I don't have the motivation
I have no motivation to finish my work assignments
I have 6 finals that are coming up soon, and i need to do well in order to have a good GPA for medical school
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
I have not been able to find a job
My friend has started to get into political conversations on Facebook and I think he is embarrassing himself. He's spouting all these talking points without ever showing any interest in them before!
i broke up with my partner and am feeling like i should even commit suiside, i was played a fool
My kids are driving me crazy now that we are all having to work and school our kids from home. My husband and I both work from home now because of Corona. My 15 year old boy and 8 year old girl argue after they finish schooling and my husband and I are still working. It is starting to interrupt the quality of our work, Any suggestions? They are going crazy since the emergence of the Corona Virus.
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
its hard for me to find a job
I do not know how to move on, nothing makes me happy
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
My friend died in a car accident
I suffer from chronic depression and stress due to a number of factors. Currently, life is very overwhelming with medical issues plaguing myself, my husband and our two children. I can't catch a break and I'm feeling overwhelmed.
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
i keep feeling as though i'm not doing well. i have a job but i don't seem to be very good at it and i don't want to lose it. i am fearful that i will
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
My friends will not even call me half the time even though I am always calling them and trying to get together.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
I've recently lost my job due to the covid situation and my funds are dwindling by the day while we've been out into another lockdown
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
lots of problems happening in my life so many family issues
I can not seem to find a job no matter how hard I try. My last job was cut short because of all the pandemic restrictions. I'm so depressed.
My boss reduced my pay so that he gets a bonus
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
I am recently divorced. My ex-husband has moved in with his new, much younger girlfriend and they are discussing marriage. Although I am happy the marriage is over, I'm depressed because I have not had any romantic offers while he has moved on with no problem.
I'm mad at my boyfriend for not taking responsibility.
My job terminated a lot of people recently and I am afraid that they will do that again and I may lose my job if that happens
overall daily stresses
Having been having panic attacks more often now that we are in quarantined
I work a dead end job.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
I want to break up with my partner who ive been married to for 6 years with a 5 year old child
My thesis is due tomorrow and we have to do an individual presentation about our topics. I feel prepared but I know one professor that knows she intimidates me. I am just a nervous wreck.
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
I recently left my job because of a toxic environment but now I'm having trouble finding another and I'm running out of money.
I broke up with my partner.
my fiance and I broke up last week
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
I lost my job and not sure how I will pay for rent.
My husband and I are having a hard time communicating.
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
I fear my depression is getting worse. This pandemic is taking a toll on me.
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
Since covid I havent been doing as well in school. I'm very upset and ashamed at my self
I am depressed due to covid pandemic.
Jobs are competitive
My mother recently passed, a month ago due to being an alcoholic for many years.
the pandemic
I miss seeing my friends in person and I havent heard from them in a while
I want to hangout with friends but I don't have the motivation
I just feel like every one hates me and no one really wants to be my friend. It feels like when someone is nice to me they are just doing it as a favor and they don’t really like me or care about me
I'm feeling so depressed lately. The holidays are coming and I just want to stay in bed under the covers.
lack of job has been a problem
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
These mofos are trying to charge me an "administrative processing fee" for helping gather some supplies!! Taxin' my packages man!
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
I have a friend that has admitted that she was using heroin. She got help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if she is really off the heroin. I will talk to her and it is like she gets sleepy and nods off. I have talked to her and she gets mad and denies and says I am not supporting her getting help and that this is why addicts go back to drugs because they are always accused.
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
people would make fun of me based on the color of my skin or anything that has to do with my color.
I have this certification program I took about two years ago that allowed me to be marketable out there and it's about to expire. I'm currently under pressure to retake the certification and I'm not quite ready. I will loose my license if I don't , time is running out and I currently feel lost in the predicament I have found myself.
I am extremely stressed with work and am very unhappy.
Not being able to see family and friends due to Covid.
My friends don't understand my choices to get married quickly and buy a house
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday. I had been with her for years and now living life without her feels heart breaking.
My biological sister has major issues is trying to turn my family against because of an argument we had 4 years ago
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
MY Son-in-Law is treating our daughter and Grandaughter indifferent, gaslighting and treats the dog better.
My ex who i loved so much and almost gave her everything cheated on me with another guy from my school , my relationship was almost 2 years until she dumped me.... and i had to go through an immense overthinking after the breakup for almost 6-7 months
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
I was pulled off of a project I had been on for 6 months. Last week I was transferred to a new team and all of the hard work I had put in for 6 months was given to another engineer to finish. The reason I was given was that my skills would be better used on this other team because they were behind on their project.
General daily stresses
My company is cutting salaries next year because of the pandemic, with potential for layoffs
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
alcoholism
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
Hello. My baby of 11 years had passed away last week. This would be my pomeranian and I am devastated. I am fearful now of getting another puppy during Corona.
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
I broke up with my partner because she was constantly neglecting me. She showed little interest in doing things together and I had enough of trying to please her. She ends up with a new guy just two weeks later.
I miss seeing my friends in person and I havent heard from them in a while
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
Well we are at different places in our lives. My partner wants to leave to go to another state to be with her cousin. I want to stay around the family we have here already.
My friend totally screwed me over. We were doing a business deal and he lied about how much money we got from the deal. He screwed me!
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
breakup with partner
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
My mom got in a serious accident and ever since, I have developed anxiety whenever I cannot be around my parents
My business is suffering because of the pandemic. I'm very worried I won't be able to pay my bills soon.
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
I decided to separate from my husband after finding myself incredibly unhappy.
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
MY Son-in-Law is treating our daughter and Grandaughter indifferent, gaslighting and treats the dog better.
I'm stressed about my final grades and ongoing pressure to do well academically. I don't know how to motivate myself, as I'm too afraid of the outcome.
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
My partners and I are not on the same terms. Need some emotional support.
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
Current partner cheated on me in the past and I think he is doing it again.
I think that i am gaining weight and hard as i try I can not keep it off and i am getting vry put down.
I cheated on my boyfriend and I don't want to tell him. I feel really bad because he is a great person.
My dog died
I lost my job and cant find another one
Anxiety about losing my job
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
gf broke heart
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
My friend created a separate chat for planning hangouts and did not include me.
The holidays always make me sad.
My daughter was very sick. It kept my wife and I up at night because she wasn't sleeping well.
The holiday season has me down
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
I broke up with my girlfriend.
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
i worry that they will never stop pressuring me to go back to work. even though i have a disability that keeps me from doing that. the thought of talking about it makes me feel major anxiety
My husband keeps putting me down and calling me names
NO MOTIVATION
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
My husband keeps wasting money and we are having a hard time making ends meet. We'd be fine if he didn't overspend, but he's addicted to it.
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
Distance learning is difficult. I'm having trouble with school and my grades seem to be dropping.
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
Iam facing a lot of academic pressure to coplete the degree on time..
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
Quit job due to stress. Trying to find a good job that is remote and not soul numbing has been hard. I just want to be a stay at home person. I have anxiety about job search.
worried about losing my job
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
I have a friend who is mad at me because I told her to pull up her mask while she was talking to me. She became very offended and actually started yelling at me as to how I am healthy and will live through Corona if I caught it. I reminded her about my family and other people but she is stubborn. She is just now starting to believe Corona is real.
It is finals week at my college and I am very anxious about it.
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
I broke up with my boyfriend and that really depressed me because we have been together for like a long time. I feel very sad and alone. I actually feel like I can't go on with it.
I may lose a job
I am worried I do not play the politics game well enough for the growth I want.
thinking about what classes are best to take in order to get a job
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for another one at this time.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
I broke up with my girlfriend and sad about it
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
My friend is a good friend of mine but he is not a suitor as in I would not want to marry or date him but my fiance still gets bothered by me talking to him. I don't talk to him anymore but can't see why he still considers it microcheating even if I don't talk about our relationship.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
I've been feeling low for the last few months, and have been finding it hard to sleep at night.
Trying to find a job
My boss reduced my pay so that he gets a bonus
My curly hair is so unruly
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
I think that i am gaining weight and hard as i try I can not keep it off and i am getting vry put down.
I have lost my job, and my entire industry has been shut down due to Covid-19, and I am struggling to find work that is safe for me to do from home.
I don't know if I should continue with school right now and I am having a hard time making the decision.
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
My girlfriend broke up with me and now I have no motivation and I am depressed most of the time.
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
I've dealt with a lot of stress lately, even before the covid 19 was even heard of. It's ongoing now. I have even more now.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
facing a breakup with the partner..
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
I want to move out of my state with my boyfriend and I think I would want to leave earlier than May. How do I tell him?
I am worried I do not play the politics game well enough for the growth I want.
I am depressed and always angry. I lose my temper and say racist things to people, and am miserable to be around. I got mad at my father inlaw for talking badly about President Trump on Thanksgiving, and I called everyone "a bunch of nigger lovers" and stormed out of the house. Been angry ever since.
I found out my partner was cheating on me and I just feel betrayed and heartbroken.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
I have just lost my job, and am experiencing depression, as a result of financial worry.
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
It is the anniversary of my fiance's death. I am having extreme depression and saddness.
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
My curly hair is so unruly
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
COVID-19 has changed the way we learn and the last year has been really difficult. I don't feel as connected in my classes and I plan to apply to grad school. I don't know how this will affect me as I begin to think about programs to apply to next year.
Not having enough money to pay my bills.
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
My younger sister passed away unexpectedly a few months ago in an apartment fire and I am having trouble dealing with this.
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
loss of job
I studied really hard and failed my math test, i even got a tutor. worst day ever.
daily stresses
I am living with a controlling mentally abusive husband
I can't figure out why my friends don't understand why I want to keep a bit distant during COVID
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not because we are fighting a lot
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
there will be layoff to me
My boyfriend broke up with me after being together for 5 years. He also cheated on me with my best friend.
Worried about my daughter abd her academic struggles. She has a genetic condition and some learning differences. Struggling to cope to work and do day to day things and give her as much support as she needs.
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused me to be depressed. I am sad because there is nowhere we can go. We have to stay home and that is getting depressing. My husband and I want to travel but we can't. We are retired and feel as though our lives are being destroyed.
The feel of isolation during pandemic and being an immigrant without any family closeby.
I got a bad grade on a paper
I was in a complicated relationship with a girl I really loved. She told me she needed space and did not want to talk much then 3 days later she told me that we were done. This came out of nowhere and was shocking. It left me very sad and depressed.
My project ends soon and I will need to find other employment. I am worried that doesn't to Covid I will not be able to find work.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
I have a friend who knew me since I was little, she is closer to my mother's age so she is kinda like my aunt growing up. She always treat me like I was little. I understand that she knew me since I was little. But I'm a grown woman now and I want our relationship to go far and grow more. I tried to explain it to her but she is not getting it. It's made me feel sad that we can't move our relationship further.
breakup with lover
My kids are driving me crazy now that we are all having to work and school our kids from home. My husband and I both work from home now because of Corona. My 15 year old boy and 8 year old girl argue after they finish schooling and my husband and I are still working. It is starting to interrupt the quality of our work, Any suggestions? They are going crazy since the emergence of the Corona Virus.
Lay off from the job
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
Staying home with my children instead of going to work is making me anxious.
I am battling with letting my past childhood trauma effect my relationship and the raising of my child.
my friend has a new friend
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
I don't think my current job is right for me. I have been doing it for 7 years and it's all I know. I don't know what to do for the best.
I married a divorcee. She was not honest with me. I felt sympathy about her previous marriage. She was not honest about her real problems. She treated me horribly. I had to leave.
I just can't seem to get motivated to do anything, I feel like I have nothing to live for.
Time of the year when family is not around
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
My account went into the negative this morning.
My curly hair is so unruly
just everyday life
My Board of Directors is going around me to my staff.
The holidays always make me sad.
Feeling depressed and doesn't feel doing like anything.
My girlfriend has a rare condition that can be very expensive to just keep her healthy. Her grandparents are supporting us and the grandmother's husband is going through dementia and making everyone stressed and could possibly die leaving 3 houses to pay off.
I had an argument with my parents over my girlfriend.
I am qualified for a promotion but my boss won't promote me
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
I recently broke up with my boyfriend and I'm having a hard time because it's almost the holidays.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
I had an argument with my parents over my girlfriend.
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
I have found out that my friends have been socialising behind my back without me. This makes me very sad.
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
I learned that my friend's husband was shot and killed over a drug deal. He was high at the time. My daughter carpools with his daughter every day and he was often the driver. Was he high when he was driving her around? I don't know how to act around my friend. Did she know?
no money and cant find work
I broke up with partner , my friend sent me pic of her hubby etc
I let the best lady in the world get away from me.
I get to hurting so bad in my lower back that it upsets me and then I take it out on the one's around me.
Every night I try to go to sleep and I am actually tired but once in bed I cannot stop thinking about tons of things and I cannot fell asleep.
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
I have a lot of homework and work, and thinking of the future is very stressful, I am not sure how to plan all my work and handle everything.
effects of the pandemic
My roommate says she wants me to move out.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
My job is based on demand and the current economic state makes less demand.
trying to find a job with good hours
My friend has passed away and I'm struggling to deal with the grief.
My supervisor recently resigned from my organization and I am worried that I cannot step up and fill her role. I want that role too!
my friend stud me up for a weekend trip cost was then all on me and she has been badmouthing me ever since. Saying I am the bad person because of a voicemail left her
I broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. I've been feeling lonely ever since.
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
It is the anniversary of my fiance's death. I am having extreme depression and saddness.
no specific event to describe
Quarantine keeps going on and on.
I was in the store and there were two other women. They were whispering to each other and looking at me. I could hear a couple words and they were making fun of my hair and the way I dress. People just don't accept me. It's hard to feel so different.
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
I lost my job and cant find another one
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
Catching up with academic deadlines
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I have anxiety to leave my families,
The pandemic is causing my company to close. I am now going to be searching for a job in a saturated market!
A few things happened in my office that on and off stressed me out, including an odd pay period and a hostile coworker.
bad experiences with others
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
I suffered bullying at school. for the simple fact of being not very fat but if stuffed, they called me a cow, they made the expression of a cow, they threw my bag in the trash, I had no friends. It was hard and strong to be able to study there, after that they changed my school, everything was fine until those from the previous school found out where I was studying and the bullying started again. It has had an impact on my life, I believe that even my feelings are the same, I have not been able to forget it.
lot of problems in my working climate.my supervisor is very strict and angry man. any problem create in lot of issues in work place.
A coworker feels that I am discriminating against her because I give corrective feedback on procedures she is doing wrong. There have been numerous occasions of her wrongdoing.
They didn't invite me for the party for an special event
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
I have just broken up with my girlfriend
Had an issue with my wife concerning my drinking habits where she complained that I had of late been drinking soo much. There was a confrontation that almost led to a breakup and now we are not talking. The situation is serious
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
Jobs are competitive
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
My (ex)fiancé and I recently broke up, but we're still spending a great deal of time together, and we both say we're not sure if our relationship is 100% "done" and agreed to tell each other if we start dating other people. He said he doesn't want to see anyone else, but I came over one night to find him with a woman. It was their third date.
I was in a complicated relationship with a girl I really loved. She told me she needed space and did not want to talk much then 3 days later she told me that we were done. This came out of nowhere and was shocking. It left me very sad and depressed.
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
I was going to marry my girlfriend but she broke up with me a prior to proposing for an unknown reason.
My kids are driving me crazy now that we are all having to work and school our kids from home. My husband and I both work from home now because of Corona. My 15 year old boy and 8 year old girl argue after they finish schooling and my husband and I are still working. It is starting to interrupt the quality of our work, Any suggestions? They are going crazy since the emergence of the Corona Virus.
I broke up with my partner.
the pandemic
I recently found out that my best friend has lied to me about her whole life, and when I invited to my home she finally told me the truth after staying for a month ad we were fighting for the entire month she stayed.
I feel very bad to work on remotely. It sucks me and i cant anage the work life balance on this covid pandamic. It really hard to manage my time with my family and they expect more from us hence we are in work from home.
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
impending academic deadlines
I have been suffering from depression for many years due to emotional trauma
My youngest sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her two children.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
Just the virus and loneliness. Isolation
I am in a deep depression, have no friends or family to talk to. I also started drinking
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
recently i lost my job
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
We had a staff appreciation day, but we all got drunk by the end of the day. So now I am worried my boss will judge me or fire me.
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
I had a nasty breakup with my boyfriend. He stepped out on me and lied to my face.
Removed from my job - apparently only because of my age - no longer doing meaningful work.
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
I have been feeling kinda down lately since my pet died. I miss her so much.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
My boyfriend broke up with me after being together for 5 years. He also cheated on me with my best friend.
I have finals coming up and I am really nervous and I don't feel prepared.
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
I am depressed about Covid and being restricted from going places.
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
I am very nervous about my fianl paper.
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
Parents pressuring me to do well in studies
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
Depressed due to a breakup
I lost my job and very distressed about it
I'm kind of just generally feeling seasonal depression as I don't feel happy,
My ex-boyfriend and I decided to split after 6 years and we are also deciding who will be moving from our shared apartment.
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
I have a friend that has admitted that she was using heroin. She got help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if she is really off the heroin. I will talk to her and it is like she gets sleepy and nods off. I have talked to her and she gets mad and denies and says I am not supporting her getting help and that this is why addicts go back to drugs because they are always accused.
Depression about pandemic
I miss my girlfriend, I feel I have no one in my life.
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
My job required me to work for 80-90 hours a week. Due to this, I could not spend any time on myself, my family and my friends.
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
I have been out of work and my father passed now we have to move to a smaller house and I am my mothers care giver
alcoholism
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
I see a text message from my ex-wife's phone that states "you look sexier now that you did this morning." I was the major sign that my marriage was in trouble and why would my wife cheat on me.
academic stress
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
my boyfriend of three years has been cheating on me.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
I feel like I am not living up to my potential and I am a disappointment to my family.
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
My pet died last week and I also failed my exam
i left my job because i could not take it any more
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
Near failing a class that will pretty much depend my future career
My boyfriend recently broke up with me out of the blue. I am feeling very alone, sad and depressed.
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
My friend decided to leave her husband to pursue a woman and I don't support her.
I lost my aun a couple weeks ago
trying to find a job with good hours
freind is a drunk and nobody told her besides me now she is mad at me
Ive been trying to get with some of friends to hang out maybe just for a couple hours just to catch up. But no-one seems like they want to be bothered due to covid. But the other day I called this particularly person and she said that they were all out having lunch, So why wasn't I included?
the pandemic
I’m feeling anxious about upcoming exam.
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
Quarantine keeps going on and on.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
my family neglected me
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
I'm mad at my boyfriend for not taking responsibility.
Me and my best friend are drifting apart. She never seems to want to hang out anymore.
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
I have always been an honors student but with virtual school, I'm falling so far behind and I'm not sure when school will ever go back to normal.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
New boss who is difficult
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
I miss my girlfriend, I feel I have no one in my life.
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
My friend started posting on his wall that he believes that Democrats cheated on the election. I had known him for over 20 years and I don't know if I can trust him every again.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
I was used as a rebound for someone that I thought I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
overall daily stresses
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
I lost my aun a couple weeks ago
JUST LOST A FRIEND , A VERY CLOSE TIGHT FRIEND THAT WAS ALWAYS THERE FOR ME
I just can't seem to unwind at night.
I've been given some feedback in work that has really annoyed me and I think I should complain about it.
Broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. Now I feel lonely.
lose job
i c ant beleive how some of my friends voted
Work at restaurant as assistant manager. Manager got fired and company asked me to take over position without a pay raise then skipped the promotion and hired a new manager.
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
COVID-19 has changed the way we learn and the last year has been really difficult. I don't feel as connected in my classes and I plan to apply to grad school. I don't know how this will affect me as I begin to think about programs to apply to next year.
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
I have no motivation to finish my work assignments
Iam feeling very sadness after breaking up with my girlfriend.
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years.
I broke up with my girlfriend.
I have a problem with a job. I can't find the job for a long time. When the covid started most of the jobs was closed. As I dont have any higher education, it's hard to find a real one with a good salary. But as all jobs, like waiters, adn so on still closed, it get me the depression.
girlfriend broke my heart
I have no job
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
I'm feeling very lonely lately and I don't have many friends to turn to. This makes me sad because I've always had only a few friends but now they have families and kids and I feel more alone than ever.
a friend is going in for quadruple bypass surgery
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
My supervisor recently resigned from my organization and I am worried that I cannot step up and fill her role. I want that role too!
I have been recently laid out because of COVID-19 and not solved yet.
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
I am currently studying for an exam that I need to do for work.
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
CoVid has created a situation where I have to work from home all the time and I am unsure whether I will be employed next month
My boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him.
Me and my girlfriend got into a fight over holiday break that I thought could be fixed but instead ended up in us breaking up
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
i have discontinued my studies due to financial problems. i feel like i am depressed lately.
the current pandemic
I will be losing my job in january. I am very fearful about finding a new one.
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
My uncle passed away a couple of days ago and I have really been going through it because I have lost 5 other family members this year
not communicative all of a sudden, not wanting to speak over phone too
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
I had my heart set on a Veterinary Technology program at a particular school and I just found out that I won't be able to apply in time. I feel like I have to reassess my future plans.
there will be layoff to me
covid no work
I have developed "cabin fever". not being able to go out and do something has put me in depression.
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
Not able to find suitable job
I am self employed, and my job is at a halt due to covid 19. I am very anxious about when i will be able to return to work, and my current financial situation
I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
I am getting a divorce. My ex is fighting a lot over child support and visitation.
its hard for me to find a job
I feel like my friends don't care about me at all. When we get together all they want to do is talk about their lives. When I raise something that is bothering me they just make some trite response and then move back to what they want to talk about.
can't focus
I have a friend that has admitted that she was using heroin. She got help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if she is really off the heroin. I will talk to her and it is like she gets sleepy and nods off. I have talked to her and she gets mad and denies and says I am not supporting her getting help and that this is why addicts go back to drugs because they are always accused.
I fear disappointing my parents.
overall daily stresses
I failed an exam last semester and have to stay in school for another year.
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
I have a great friend that has died of corona virus. I am shattered because I could not see her in her last moments or go to her funeral. All we had was facetime. She was only 35 with severe asthma. I am reeling. This happened two weeks ago and my sadness and depression is overwhelming. How can I get over this?
I am worried about a friend. Since lockdown they have not been in contact and whenever I try to get in touch with them they rarely respond.
covid stress
I may lose a job
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
Friends that I used to trust and they broke up the trust.
I'm about to lose my job because my company is not able to negotiate my existing contract and I'm unable to secure another job. I feel anxiety on what to do and next steps to take.
They want me to work on a project with them. I agreed to it. Wondering how it will go.
sleep problems with over depression have adverse effects cognitive and behavioral functions.
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
My best friend has been very demanding, and I'm very upset.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
My wife of 6 years decided one day last week she wanted to end things. This comes after finding out we cannot have anymore children. So its a combination of the 2.
I have finals coming up and I am really nervous and I don't feel prepared.
I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
My aunt died a week ago who was 90. Was very close to her.
I am worry about lost the job during this pandemic.
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
I used to love my field of study, But soon after entering the university I started skipping the classes and failing. I lost my interest and there was nothing to motivate me.
I became jobless. My boss and I had a disagreement and she terminated me.
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
I feel like I am not living up to my potential and I am a disappointment to my family.
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
I am alone and have no friends.
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
My partner and I decided to part ways due to cheating and I have completely lost trust in any MEN out there now. I feel super helpless and need some advice and support.
I have a large test and don't feel prepared
I am working all the time and don’t have time for my family.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
I am worried about failing my college math exams and being kicked out of school.
One of my classes is extremely difficult and my professor is not responsive.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
I feel like I am not living up to my potential and I am a disappointment to my family.
I recently left my job because of a toxic environment but now I'm having trouble finding another and I'm running out of money.
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
I cannot paint at art school
I have a large test and don't feel prepared
My kids are driving me crazy now that we are all having to work and school our kids from home. My husband and I both work from home now because of Corona. My 15 year old boy and 8 year old girl argue after they finish schooling and my husband and I are still working. It is starting to interrupt the quality of our work, Any suggestions? They are going crazy since the emergence of the Corona Virus.
bad experiences with others
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
I am in the middle of job hunting but it has been very difficult to find one during the pandemic. This really upsets me.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
I am depressed due to covid pandemic.
trying to find a job with good hours
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
I am self employed, and my job is at a halt due to covid 19. I am very anxious about when i will be able to return to work, and my current financial situation
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
caught my girlfriend cheating on me with my neighbor its was so horrible scene for me all i could do was cry and drink because i love her so much, the pain was much that all i could think of was killing her and myself, Guess its isn't wrong if i kill the guy he cheated with too?
My set of friends with include 6 close women are falling apart because of not communicating often and not being physically close to one another. It is really weird how being apart from one another can really change strong relationships. I am still close with everyone but I can not say the same about everyone else. We have all known each other for 25 years and it makes me sad and anxious that when we come out corona it won't be the same. Specifically, two of my besties are arguing with each other over a piece of sensitive gossip that was shared outside our group. Someone feels betrayed and I want to help them both without taking sides.
The person ghosted me after we had an argument and I am really upset about it.
Not being able to do my daily routine is really getting to me. It's hard to get up every morning.
fight with the partner
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
I did a very disgusting thing, I dated online without know, who is she, she tricked me with her naked pictures and I fell into her hand by sent 4000 dollar to her
recently i lost my job
my best friend became phys-co and torturing all his friends by blackmailing all photos with him.he started with me also i got so much fear and issues
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
pet died
My friends don't understand my choices to get married quickly and buy a house
Nothing special just an ongoing thing i've been dealing with since my daughter was born.
I suffer from chronic depression and stress due to a number of factors. Currently, life is very overwhelming with medical issues plaguing myself, my husband and our two children. I can't catch a break and I'm feeling overwhelmed.
My boyfriend and I recently broke up due to our long-distance relationship and the impact COVID-19 has had on the travel industry.
I am retired, but really need to go back to work to earn some extra money. My problem is that it is very difficult physically for me to wear a mask for longer than a few moments. In this time of COVID, I have no choice in the matter. It is causing me anxiety because I need the income.
I just can't seem to unwind at night.
School work piling up, lots of projects and pressure on time issues. Wanted to escape but can't.
My husband abandoned me and my kids
my kids wont listen to me
My boyfriend broke up with me, but we live together and have roommates. Now he is turning the roommates against me.
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
I'm in depression because my exam is near and i can't finish my studies
I was let go from my job of 30 years.
In my youthful exuberance for entertainment, I had ditched study plans with my high school friend while we were in college to go play video games with some of my new college friends. After this event, I lost my high school friends
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
i left my job because i could not take it any more
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
I'm disgusted that the professors don't see me as a human with real emotions and feelings.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for my job.
I've always struggled with depression. I just feel hopeless.
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
My husband keeps wasting money and we are having a hard time making ends meet. We'd be fine if he didn't overspend, but he's addicted to it.
I love my friends. But sometimes I feel as if I can't really be myself around them without being judged for doing something. I've known them for quite a long time now. I don't know if i am just being sensitive or what, but I feel like I'm the one that gets bullied in the friend group.
I'm worried about being perfect on my job.
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
Hope I will not die? My doctor told me not to smoke again, I tried to stop for the past five years that I have been coughing seriously but all the effort was aborted.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
alcoholism
My partner left me for another woman and I simply can't get over it
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
I have to find a higher paying job but it has been a while since I worked full time.
Not being able to see family and friends due to Covid.
Nervous about a test in the future because I do not know if I am learning well enough because of lack of in-person teaching.
My boyfriend was disrespectful. he went ahead to cheat on me with the particular girl i warned him about seeing. he lied about it even after being caught and tried to emotionally blackmail me with it still.
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
There aren't any specific events currently happening to cause anxiety, it's more of an inability to turn off my brain. If there are issues in my life, I definitely overthink them and that causes a downward spiral into depression.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
I am sad about finding out my boyfriend broke up with me because he saw where I came from .
My girlfriend has a rare condition that can be very expensive to just keep her healthy. Her grandparents are supporting us and the grandmother's husband is going through dementia and making everyone stressed and could possibly die leaving 3 houses to pay off.
trying to find a job with good hours
I feel very bad to work on remotely. It sucks me and i cant anage the work life balance on this covid pandamic. It really hard to manage my time with my family and they expect more from us hence we are in work from home.
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
My ex partner is harassing me and will not stop talking to my friends and family.
can't find a job/path in life
I lost my job in January. Because of my health, I am afraid of taking a job outside home. So I am trying to make money on MTurk and YouTube.
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
I have a lot of academic pressure from my program and I'm not receiving any help from my advisors.
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
Just the virus and loneliness. Isolation
I've been given some feedback in work that has really annoyed me and I think I should complain about it.
my friend has a new friend
I am very depressed and despondent because my boyfriend broke up with me and it was right before the wedding. I am close to his family but they won't speak to me know. I am lost without him.
My dog died about a month ago and I've just been feeling very depressed. I can't move on yet.
Fear of losing my job
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
I love my friends. But sometimes I feel as if I can't really be myself around them without being judged for doing something. I've known them for quite a long time now. I don't know if i am just being sensitive or what, but I feel like I'm the one that gets bullied in the friend group.
I worried if I will be able to complete my degree.
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
I recently found out that my best friend has lied to me about her whole life, and when I invited to my home she finally told me the truth after staying for a month ad we were fighting for the entire month she stayed.
Depressed due to a breakup
I am afraid of how my parents will react when I tell them that I am not going to attend the holidays
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
I am on short term disability and I am afraid I will lose my job if I don't go back soon.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
Being unemployed, working online and barely paying the bills. Between rent, food bills. I am barely getting by. Some weeks can't even afford food shopping. So I live off a big bag of rice and pasta and beans. Not even $200 a month is left after bills.
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
Broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. Now I feel lonely.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
I LOVE MY FRIEND BUT TODAY FIGHT
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
I did a very disgusting thing, I dated online without know, who is she, she tricked me with her naked pictures and I fell into her hand by sent 4000 dollar to her
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
Just can't shake my sadness
I don't have enough money to buy my kids christmas gifts.
trying to find a job in this town is almost impossible, it is either fast food, walmart, or if you know someone the chemical plants. i need to get out of the place i am in or i am going to go insane. i cant do that without more income.
My friend created a separate chat for planning hangouts and did not include me.
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
I have just broken up with my girlfriend
I fear that I will not have a job next year, at the beginning of the year. My emotions are in survival mode and I do not want to do anything or buy anything from this fear
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
My depression is getting worse and worse due to this pandemic. I feel like things will turn for the worse in my life.
I’m feeling anxious about upcoming exam.
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
Long day of work. Came home early, ended up catching my partner having an affair with my roommate
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
I have developed "cabin fever". not being able to go out and do something has put me in depression.
Not being able to do my daily routine is really getting to me. It's hard to get up every morning.
I am drinkin beers almost every day
My wife and I had a threeway with my ex, and they're kind of at each other's throats now. The ex lives on our block too, so it's slightly awkward in the neighborhood
Why do I always get the worst teachers? It makes school so hard in general.
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
I just got my job and I heard they have to let people go because business is slow.
Daily, normal activites of life are hard for me to be motivated to do or to complete them at all due to my depression. I feel ashamed that I am not like other people who can complete things like hygiene care without a struggle.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
I failed an exam last semester and have to stay in school for another year.
when i met myb coworkers in job and they have not done has we had agreed , i get bored and irritated the whole day with negative mood due to the dissapointment they did not met the requirements we had set to attain by set date aside
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
I went and spent so much money on xmas gifts and now I don't know how I can pay the credit cards off
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
My friend is a lier and a cheater. I know it.
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
My friends suck at being friends. They use me, ignore me, and i'm only a benefit for them.
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
turned in ex gf to cps for giving her kids drugs.
Looking in the mirror I know I’m fine enough to go out in public. But I still feel horrible about what I see. And I know it’s never going to be good enough.
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
the pandemic
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
I have to give a presentation at work after completing a course and am fearful as I've had a bad experience in the past
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
my boyfriend left me out of the blue. he is not responding anything clearly. he is avoiding me now.
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
I always feel like the way I look does not live up to the expectations of those close to me. This makes me very anxious when I go to meet with them.
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
I have this certification program I took about two years ago that allowed me to be marketable out there and it's about to expire. I'm currently under pressure to retake the certification and I'm not quite ready. I will loose my license if I don't , time is running out and I currently feel lost in the predicament I have found myself.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
Just failed a huge test in my class and may not graduate this semester
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me and i do not know the reason
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
My set of friends with include 6 close women are falling apart because of not communicating often and not being physically close to one another. It is really weird how being apart from one another can really change strong relationships. I am still close with everyone but I can not say the same about everyone else. We have all known each other for 25 years and it makes me sad and anxious that when we come out corona it won't be the same. Specifically, two of my besties are arguing with each other over a piece of sensitive gossip that was shared outside our group. Someone feels betrayed and I want to help them both without taking sides.
I am so scared of going out and finding a job due to Covid 19 but I need to work right now . my bills are piling up
My partner broke up with me. He cheated on me.
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
For the past couple years, I've been dealing with depression. I'm lonely, sad, scared and worried. I feel like there's no reason to live.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
I recently faced a breakup with my partner..
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
impending academic deadlines
I had a nasty breakup with my boyfriend. He stepped out on me and lied to my face.
my kids wont listen to me
I don't have enough money to pay bills. I am so scared. I need help.
There aren't any specific events currently happening to cause anxiety, it's more of an inability to turn off my brain. If there are issues in my life, I definitely overthink them and that causes a downward spiral into depression.
I feel like I am never going to be good enough to make it on my own. I'm struggling with finding a job right now, paying for anything for myself, and taking care of my teenage son who's driving me nuts as he's doing school from home. I really feel like I'm in a pit that I'll never get out of.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
I got a B+ in a class that I deserved an A- in and when I contacted the professor, he called me a liar. This really put me in a bad mood because I tried really hard in his class and he would not hear my case out.
Me and a close friend of mine got in an arguement because she dated a guy that I had just broke up with and I dated a guy that she had just broke up with
I fear disappointing my parents.
Lay off from the job
I am losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for work right now
My ex-boyfriend broke up with me because I was too jealous and I didn't trust him
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
I accidentally shared a nude photo that was intended for private viewing to a group chat with several friends.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
I recently made a mistake at work that I could get in trouble for, and I am nervous to approach my manager about my mistake.
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
I am worried about failing my college math exams and being kicked out of school.
lot of problems in my working climate.my supervisor is very strict and angry man. any problem create in lot of issues in work place.
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
I want to break up with my partner who ive been married to for 6 years with a 5 year old child
facing a breakup with the partner..
A few things happened in my office that on and off stressed me out, including an odd pay period and a hostile coworker.
I keep putting of my work because I'm afraid i'll fail at it. I just need to process the data, but I don't know why I keep putting it off. I feel angry at myself
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
My boyfriend broke up with me because he didn't want a relationship with someone who had kids.
I have been suffering from depression for many years due to emotional trauma
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I want to hangout with friends but I don't have the motivation
I am retired, but really need to go back to work to earn some extra money. My problem is that it is very difficult physically for me to wear a mask for longer than a few moments. In this time of COVID, I have no choice in the matter. It is causing me anxiety because I need the income.
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
My friend died in a car accident
It is finals week and i have a lot to do. I have been having bad dreams about my grades and future.
I have just realized I will never be able to afford a real house for my family and feel horrible,
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
Not sure if I should go back to school during covid. IT would be remote so physically there is no danger.
my boyfriend left me out of the blue. he is not responding anything clearly. he is avoiding me now.
High expectations at work and little time to complete them
academic pressures
overall daily stresses
Just lost my job. Don't know how to continue with my lifestyle.
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
I have been sad for a while now but lately due to not being able to find a job, i am feeling very low
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
I see a text message from my ex-wife's phone that states "you look sexier now that you did this morning." I was the major sign that my marriage was in trouble and why would my wife cheat on me.
My three years relationship ended last week , he betrayed me he had another affair , we discussed and break up . He misused my credit card he took my all money. he spreading fake news about me in social media.
Just the virus and loneliness. Isolation
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
I've always struggled with depression. I just feel hopeless.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
Trying to adapt to teaching students online and feeling like I am failing them
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
I just found out that my job has to make cuts and layoffs, and I am worried about my job and my colleague's jobs.
always being asked to do things and help , and no one is here for me
I am losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for work right now
I've always struggled with depression. I just feel hopeless.
lots of problems happening in my life so many family issues
Worried about my daughter abd her academic struggles. She has a genetic condition and some learning differences. Struggling to cope to work and do day to day things and give her as much support as she needs.
no money and cant find work
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
My husband abandoned me and my kids
Covid 19 stress with the added stress of the holduas
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
I broke up with a partner and I’m verbally upset and emotionally upset as well
sleep problems with over depression have adverse effects cognitive and behavioral functions.
I have been struggling since I lost my job. I have been on the lookout for a new job, tried doing menial jobs just to get by, but nothing seems to be available.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
My friend is not treating me the way that a friend is supposed to be treating me
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
My best friend flirted with my wife and asked if she wants to have sex with her.
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
Due to this pandemic, I've been feeling more depressed than ever. I am fearful for my job and my financials. Not a day goes by I don't think about my financial situation. If this pandemic keeps going on, my financial situation will worsen.
I was given reduced hours at work and there might be a chance I could get laid off because I just started and there is lack of work. However, my expenses are the same and income is reducing.
My account went into the negative this morning.
Quit job due to stress. Trying to find a good job that is remote and not soul numbing has been hard. I just want to be a stay at home person. I have anxiety about job search.
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
The current economic downturn has me worried for the future.
Need a second job to pay off credit card bills
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
My account went into the negative this morning.
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
The holidays always make me sad.
academic pressure
I fear that I will not have a job next year, at the beginning of the year. My emotions are in survival mode and I do not want to do anything or buy anything from this fear
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
I'm failing my classes and I'm on scholarship
My pet died last week and I also failed my exam
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
i talk with my friendship
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
I recently argued with my family about my dating partner.
I am worried about a friend. Since lockdown they have not been in contact and whenever I try to get in touch with them they rarely respond.
My son has bipolar disorder and he is only 9. He has delusions and has lost his mind for a month now. He is in the hospital and I am terrified he won't get it back. He has delusions and I'm worried.
My company is cutting salaries next year because of the pandemic, with potential for layoffs
I have nobody in my life that supports me. No purpose to my life. My husband treats me like dirt. I am just so frustrated with being sad all the time but just when I think it is looking up, I get knocked down again.
I had some recent car trouble and the problem has gotten worse. It has caused the mechanic bill to get bigger and bigger and I don't know how I am going to pay for it.
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
I'm sad a lot because I don't like the life I live.
my boyfriend of three years has been cheating on me.
My partner broke up with me a few days ago
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
I'm disgusted that the professors don't see me as a human with real emotions and feelings.
My company is going through a restructure and i am worried about my job
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
I have a very good friend whom I have noticed does not tell me the truth , she cherry picks what she wants to tell me. I have also noticed that she doesn't call me unless I call. What got me so upset what was she did the last time I called her. She got me off the phone in a matter of seconds saying that she will call back , but never did. I felt so dejected and promised never to call her back again.
Life in general has been hard for me and my husband has been really sick for weeks now.
MY Son-in-Law is treating our daughter and Grandaughter indifferent, gaslighting and treats the dog better.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
I've been so blessed to have such a great job but thanks to Corona, my works has come to a screeching halt. I'm so anxious because I don't know when my next check will be or for how much. The pressure and stress is almost too much.
My dog died
There is an event that happened about 5 years ago that I think started this emotion for me.It is ongoing and has affected all parts of my life.
I'm worried about being perfect on my job.
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
Raising grandson and he is being very difficult and not listening. I also have a lot of medical issues that limit my abilities. And my grandson's father is no help, he just drops him off and leaves, never asks if need anything or how I am doing.
i worry that they will never stop pressuring me to go back to work. even though i have a disability that keeps me from doing that. the thought of talking about it makes me feel major anxiety
I can not find a career i am stressing
My younger sister passed away unexpectedly a few months ago in an apartment fire and I am having trouble dealing with this.
I have lost my job, and my entire industry has been shut down due to Covid-19, and I am struggling to find work that is safe for me to do from home.
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
A friend keeps talking lies
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
I recently left my job because of a toxic environment but now I'm having trouble finding another and I'm running out of money.
I think I need to break up with my girlfriend because my feelings have changed
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
My new supervisor hates me. She already hated me before she was my boss. In addition to being a terrible manager, she has made a personal goal to inhibit my ability to do my job. She has taken from me all parts of my job that I value. This upsets me personally and I am sad & angry that the rest of my team, who I care about, is no longer supported. We have no recourse to solve this problem.
I was in a course with a bad teacher and was not doing well. I felt like his grading was unfair and his teaching methods were unclear. When I tried to talk to him about the issues I was having I didn't feel like he did anything to help.
I've been really struggling lately with how much everything has changed during the pandemic. the holidays don't feel the same
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
General daily stresses
I am depressed because my girlfriend is thinking about leaving me.
I am depressed staying home due to COVID
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I want to break up with my partner who ive been married to for 6 years with a 5 year old child
always being asked to do things and help , and no one is here for me
worried about losing my job
My boyfriend just told me that he wants to break up because he doesn't see a future because he never wants to get married but I do.
My manager has decided that everyone will continue to work from home nearly 100% of the time after the pandemic is under control. (Prior to the pandemic, most of us only had one work-from-home day a week.) I really love the work I do, but I've been experiencing depression this past year largely due to my lack of human contact throughout the work day.
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
Since COVID-19 I've been trying to help my parents by giving them advice. I tell them to avoid large crowds due to my dad being on Oxygen at night. He doesn't want to listen and goes places without caring. I'm very anxious about him getting sick.
I am worried about losing my job due to COVID
I've been just really sad recently and I don't know how to bring my mood up
I have a very good friend whom I have noticed does not tell me the truth , she cherry picks what she wants to tell me. I have also noticed that she doesn't call me unless I call. What got me so upset what was she did the last time I called her. She got me off the phone in a matter of seconds saying that she will call back , but never did. I felt so dejected and promised never to call her back again.
girlfriend broke my heart
I lost my job and not sure how I will pay for rent.
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
I have been sad for a while now but lately due to not being able to find a job, i am feeling very low
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
thinking about what classes are best to take in order to get a job
found out my fiance was cheating on me
Me and my girlfriend got into a fight over holiday break that I thought could be fixed but instead ended up in us breaking up
The fact that my job does not take my health seriously
police shootings of unarmed black people
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
I am feeling very upset and sad that I had to break up with my girlfriend. I want some help with my sad meotions.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
My school is extremely rigorous and I'm experiencing difficulty with anxiety
My partner left me for another woman and I simply can't get over it
I am having a very hard time finding a job due to covid.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
I feel like my employees are working against me.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
My friends suck at being friends. They use me, ignore me, and i'm only a benefit for them.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
i talk with my friendship
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
Having a lot going on in life and school and feeling very stressed.
I'm bummed about my employer cutting my pay
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
I have been feeling like my friends don't like me and it's making me feel bad.
My (ex)fiancé and I recently broke up, but we're still spending a great deal of time together, and we both say we're not sure if our relationship is 100% "done" and agreed to tell each other if we start dating other people. He said he doesn't want to see anyone else, but I came over one night to find him with a woman. It was their third date.
what ever i study, i am not able to remember the contents which is necessary for my academic tests
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
I have always been an honors student but with virtual school, I'm falling so far behind and I'm not sure when school will ever go back to normal.
i'm very sad because my friend doesn't want to talk with me
I have found out that my friends have been socialising behind my back without me. This makes me very sad.
I just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
My girlfriend broke up with me because of race.
I recently broke up with my partner. We have been dating for over 3 years. During this time with COVID and the election, I don't want to be alone. I feel lost.
Why do I always get the worst teachers? It makes school so hard in general.
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
The holiday season has me down
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
I broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. I've been feeling lonely ever since.
I have a friend that completely screwed me out of money on a business venture.
I experience sleepless nights so frequently since I lost my best friend due to Covid 19. I keep on having memories we had growing up together. When I think about this things I cannot sleep sometimes for an entire night.
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
I have so much credit card debt and don't know how I am going to pay it off
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
I have recently broke up with my girlfriend which has caused me great sadness
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
Ongoing anxiety about small things but seem to be much bigger in my head.
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
the current pandemic
My friends will not even call me half the time even though I am always calling them and trying to get together.
My friend is a lier and a cheater. I know it.
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
I met Ivy a couple of years ago at the park. It only took one glimpse to feel my heart sparked. We kicked off things slowly, its been two years now. She confessed her love to me and I did the same. I was planning to propose to her when i found out she is pregnant with another mans child. I am broken, my future is no more and I feel my life is meaningless
My parents have this expectation of me to give back to them even though I'm not financially stable yet
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
I just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
I am very depressed. I always have been. I don't know how to fix it. I've tried therapy and medicine but they don't seem to work.
I keep putting of my work because I'm afraid i'll fail at it. I just need to process the data, but I don't know why I keep putting it off. I feel angry at myself
lost job went to prison
i have an exam coming up and i have not studied and its too late to cover the course work
I TALK WITH MY FRIENDSHIP
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
i left my job, and moved across the country without another job lined up. it's been 3 months since i have worked. and this is compounded by a lot of feelings of loss and grieving as i left a job of 8 years.
I am depressed because my girlfriend is thinking about leaving me.
My son had heart surgery this year and is in the midst of being diagnosed with CP. I work with a lot of people and am terrified I could catch COVID and it will kill him.
I can not find a career i am stressing
This time is too hard for me fine a jobs which require me to search and get pay for unemployment.
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
Fear of losing my job
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
Some former friends of mine have remained friends with a person who abused me and stood up for them in court.
My boyfriend broke up with me after being together for 5 years. He also cheated on me with my best friend.
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
Iam feeling very sadness after breaking up with my girlfriend.
I have been sad for a while now but lately due to not being able to find a job, i am feeling very low
My job informed me that they will be reducing my hours and not extend my contract.
I am recently divorced. My ex-husband has moved in with his new, much younger girlfriend and they are discussing marriage. Although I am happy the marriage is over, I'm depressed because I have not had any romantic offers while he has moved on with no problem.
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
no specific event to describe
I have finals coming up and I am afraid I an not smart enough to pass
I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
My younger sister passed away unexpectedly a few months ago in an apartment fire and I am having trouble dealing with this.
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
I found out that my boss has not been paying me accurately. I am so upset because I don't know what to do. I feel like I should quit.
My mother recently passed, a month ago due to being an alcoholic for many years.
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
I have been out of work and my father passed now we have to move to a smaller house and I am my mothers care giver
My company fired 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I am going to be in the next round.
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
covid
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
I failed a few of my midterms and now I'm very apprehensive about my finals.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
I have been feeling lost and directionless and I feel like I'm a waste of time and space. I don't know what to do with my life and I hate myself.
Ive gained some weight after having my kids. I havent been able to lose or go below 150. so nothing fits, or nothing looks good on me anymore. and i feel thats why my boyfriend doesnt compliment me ever or make me feel wanted at all.
My (ex)fiancé and I recently broke up, but we're still spending a great deal of time together, and we both say we're not sure if our relationship is 100% "done" and agreed to tell each other if we start dating other people. He said he doesn't want to see anyone else, but I came over one night to find him with a woman. It was their third date.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
School work piling up, lots of projects and pressure on time issues. Wanted to escape but can't.
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
I can not find a career i am stressing
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
just everyday life
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
Quarantine keeps going on and on.
alcoholism
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
Time of the year when family is not around
Pressures from my parent to be the top of the class
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
Trying to get my own small crafting business off the ground.
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
Boss keeps hitting on a co-worker, who really doesn't like the guy. What can I do to make it stop?
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
I worried if I will be able to complete my degree.
I just feel like every one hates me and no one really wants to be my friend. It feels like when someone is nice to me they are just doing it as a favor and they don’t really like me or care about me
I am struggling with my law school exam prep. I'm not sure if I can make it through law school
My husband and I constantly argue about discipline of our kids.
My parents are always telling me I should be disciplining my children differently. Things are different than when they raised us.
Depression about pandemic
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
I keep failing my classes and cannot seem to catch up
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
I tested positive for Covid.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
I am sad about finding out my boyfriend broke up with me because he saw where I came from .
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
My son has bipolar disorder and he is only 9. He has delusions and has lost his mind for a month now. He is in the hospital and I am terrified he won't get it back. He has delusions and I'm worried.
I became jobless. My boss and I had a disagreement and she terminated me.
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
we recently broke up and now i am very sad.
My partner and I decided to part ways due to cheating and I have completely lost trust in any MEN out there now. I feel super helpless and need some advice and support.
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
breakup with lover
I can not find a career i am stressing
I am just starting school & i feel like i not smart enough to graduate
My company is going through a restructure and i am worried about my job
Not being able to see family and friends due to Covid.
How can I cope with losing my boyfriend to another woman?
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
I just can't seem to get motivated to do anything, I feel like I have nothing to live for.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
Me and my best friend are drifting apart. She never seems to want to hang out anymore.
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
I keep trying to get started, but my kitchen mess seems so overwhelming.
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
I found out my partner was cheating on me and I just feel betrayed and heartbroken.
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
I am afraid of how my parents will react when I tell them that I am not going to attend the holidays
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
covid
I broke up with my ex partner and found out they cheated on me
I broke up with a guy. I still talk to him. He might want me back-not sure. There is another guy who is interested in me now, However he's going through a divorce and keeps putting off seeing me.
I'm kind of just generally feeling seasonal depression as I don't feel happy,
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
New boss who is difficult
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
My partner said he loved me and led me on. Then he went to cheat on me after one year of pretending he truly loved me. I am so sad and lonely and he is always with friends. It just isn't fair.
Boss keeps hitting on a co-worker, who really doesn't like the guy. What can I do to make it stop?
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
Quarantine keeps going on and on.
My company fired 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I am going to be in the next round.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
Misunderstanding with friend
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
when i lost my job and i was at home for long time due to no job i felt very shame on me and eat lot and gained much weight so i felt so lonely and no job no body structure no boy friend .i am literally nothing
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
I am unable to work at my job anymore due to a poor supervisor who made my work much more difficult.
I am currently studying for an exam that I need to do for work.
crippling homework and procrastination i cant keep up in class
bad experiences with others
My friend's dad passed away due to Coronavirus and I am sad.
CoVid has created a situation where I have to work from home all the time and I am unsure whether I will be employed next month
EVER SINCE THIS PANDEMIC HAS EMERGED IT JUST SEEMS LIKE THINGS HAVE BEEN GOING DOWN INSTEAD OF UP. PRIOR TO THE PANDEMIC, I HAD A JOB OF 10 YEARS, CHILDREN WERE GROWING INTO TEENAGERS, AND THE HUSBAND WAS OUT OF TOWN WORKING AS HE HAS DONE OUR ENTIRE 21 YEAR MARRIAGE. WELL SINCE THE PANDEMIC, I WAS IMMEDIATELY LET GO AT WORK. THE TEENAGERS WERE SCENTENCED TO DITIGITAL LEARNING AND MY HUSBAND DID EVERYTHING HE COULD POSSIBLY DO TO HOLD THE ONLY JOB AND INCOME THE WAS COMING INTO THE HOME. BUT EVENTUALLY JUST A MONTH AGO THAT WAS TAKEN OUT FROM UNDER US AS WELL. I DIDNT MIND NOT WORKING ALTHOUGH IT WAS AN ESCAPE FROM MY MOTHERLY DUTIES AND THE REALITY OF BEING A FULL TIME WIFE. BUT NOW THAT WE HAVE REACHED JUST OVER A YEAR OF THE PANDEMIC IT HAS BROKEN ME DOWN IN SO MANY WAYS IT FEELS LIKE. THE WHOLE YEAR WITH JUST THE HUSBAND WORKING WEVE STRUGGLED TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE AND PAY THE MONTHLY EXPENSES THAT COME WITH THE ADULT LIFE AND NOW IM A MESS
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
My boyfriend was disrespectful. he went ahead to cheat on me with the particular girl i warned him about seeing. he lied about it even after being caught and tried to emotionally blackmail me with it still.
My mom died almost 2 years ago. Due to anxiety, i have a long term boyfriend but no other friends so i was pretty close with my mom. i miss her desperately
My best friend has been very demanding, and I'm very upset.
Lost my job and unable to find the new on
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
Husband of 9 years walked out on me and our children a few months ago. Working hard to try and make ends meat on my own.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
I've been really struggling lately with how much everything has changed during the pandemic. the holidays don't feel the same
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
Not being able to do my daily routine is really getting to me. It's hard to get up every morning.
Nervous about a test in the future because I do not know if I am learning well enough because of lack of in-person teaching.
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
My friend didn't like it that he dumped me. She told him he was an idiot to do that.
My son had heart surgery this year and is in the midst of being diagnosed with CP. I work with a lot of people and am terrified I could catch COVID and it will kill him.
I just can't seem to unwind at night.
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
My aunt died a week ago who was 90. Was very close to her.
eviction
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
I have finals coming up and I am afraid I an not smart enough to pass
friend has possible COVID and going to hospital today for tests
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
pandemic and family stress
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
my boss cut my pay to save his bonus this year
trying to find a job in this town is almost impossible, it is either fast food, walmart, or if you know someone the chemical plants. i need to get out of the place i am in or i am going to go insane. i cant do that without more income.
My boyfriend broke up with me because he didn't want a relationship with someone who had kids.
My boyfriend was disrespectful. he went ahead to cheat on me with the particular girl i warned him about seeing. he lied about it even after being caught and tried to emotionally blackmail me with it still.
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
I don't like any of my friends. In fact, I don't think I like anyone.
Loss of job and the pandemic
I just lost my job and am worried about paying the bills.
Trying to find a job
I just don't really feel enthused about anything right now. I feel like I can't make any future plans, and that I don't have anything to look forward to.
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
I broke up with my girlfriend and sad about it
Covid isolation has brought me down; i am used to socializing and traveling. i live alone, so my options are limited
I am worried about a friend. Since lockdown they have not been in contact and whenever I try to get in touch with them they rarely respond.
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
I am very depressed and i dont know what to do
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
I can't figure out why my friends don't understand why I want to keep a bit distant during COVID
Life in general has been hard for me and my husband has been really sick for weeks now.
there are me and my friend open some new company in my village. the company is run by one year than start the problem in partner ship. he is lie to me the account is not clear in every field so i will very anxiety with my partner
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
My ex-boyfriend broke up with me because I was too jealous and I didn't trust him
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
I am feeling quite nervous, apprehensive and worried about the current pandemic. I fear that I, or my loved ones, can catch it and become very ill. Also, I feel a bit isolated, which has caused me to have a bit more negative feelings of sadness.
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
My friends are always leaving me out of activities.
I will lose my job in January
I have been very depressed due to lack of job and its affecting me mentally
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
constant fighting
They are always demotivate my economic status. It hurts me a lot
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
I drank too much and don't remember what happened last night.
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
I left my home due to income reduction, and live with sibling.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
my friend betrayed because she thought i wanted to snatch her boyfriend from her.
I always make my goals ealry and every so often before an breakthrough I make the best cut I can get. I want to make myself less suscepatable to self sabotage and intrusions.
I have a very stressful meeting tomorrow morning. I'm feeling nervous and anxious about it.
I am upset with my best friend over the results of the election. We generally agree not to discuss politics, but the controversy over Biden's win over Trump has us split. I am angry that she keeps bringing it up.
School work piling up, lots of projects and pressure on time issues. Wanted to escape but can't.
I just feel like every one hates me and no one really wants to be my friend. It feels like when someone is nice to me they are just doing it as a favor and they don’t really like me or care about me
My boyfriend broke up with me and he had control of all our expenses and now im broke and dont have a place to stay so I feel really depressed
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
I'm about to lose my job because my company is not able to negotiate my existing contract and I'm unable to secure another job. I feel anxiety on what to do and next steps to take.
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
my age (66), uselessness,fear of death
I left my home due to income reduction, and live with sibling.
Haven't been able to find a companion for years, loneliness has driven me to depression.
finals are this week and i'm freaking out
alcoholism
I lost my aun a couple weeks ago
i and this lady went on a date last week, we were both in love and so i asked her out on our first date.... she told me yes the next day slept over at her place and we had sex... after a week she started behaving strange.. by the time i called her so we could talk she said she doesn't love me anymore
I have a job that does not fulfill my goals for myself. I used to love my job but coronavirus has made it hard to enjoy. It is frequent that I have nothing to do and instead sit at my desk and think about all the other things I could do.
when i lost my job and i was at home for long time due to no job i felt very shame on me and eat lot and gained much weight so i felt so lonely and no job no body structure no boy friend .i am literally nothing
I broke up with my partner.
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
Covid 20 is now in situation.This makes me fear.We couldnt predict our future.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
School work piling up, lots of projects and pressure on time issues. Wanted to escape but can't.
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
My manager has decided that everyone will continue to work from home nearly 100% of the time after the pandemic is under control. (Prior to the pandemic, most of us only had one work-from-home day a week.) I really love the work I do, but I've been experiencing depression this past year largely due to my lack of human contact throughout the work day.
I am depressed about Covid and being restricted from going places.
I feel that my friends do not really like me much and do not want to meet me
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
I have suffered from depression for twenty years and despair of every getting any better.
I made a mistake at work by not calling a placement for a resident and now they are unable to leave in time and my boss is upset.
I went and spent so much money on xmas gifts and now I don't know how I can pay the credit cards off
I got an email from my job that they will not extend my job and will have to leave.
no specific event to describe
Me and my girlfriend got into a fight over holiday break that I thought could be fixed but instead ended up in us breaking up
I can't go on a day without having a glass of alcohol
daily stresses
My friend's husband is spreading false rumors about me because my daughter moved up in soccer and his didn't. He is saying I'm having an affair with the coach, who is married! I am NOT and my daughter happens to be a much better soccer player. I do like his wife but this is unforgiveable.
My mom died almost 2 years ago. Due to anxiety, i have a long term boyfriend but no other friends so i was pretty close with my mom. i miss her desperately
co workers seem to ignore me and don't say hello, i feel unwanted
I lost my job due to the fact my employer could not make a medical exemption for me. My wife works part-time now but I need to try to make money on the side so I can watch my daughter.
I don't like any of my friends. In fact, I don't think I like anyone.
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
A friend keeps talking lies
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
The person ghosted me after we had an argument and I am really upset about it.
my club is giving me a fuck headache, I cannot do without Arsenal but they are fucking up on a big time
I'm fearful of where I'll be living in the future.
I tested positive for Covid.
My girlfriend broke up with me and now I have no motivation and I am depressed most of the time.
I just can't seem to get motivated to do anything, I feel like I have nothing to live for.
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
I miss my friends.
For the last few weeks everything is an effort. I just can't get motivated. Why clean the house it will just get messed up again and no one else cares. I feel bad for my dog I don't even take him for walks anymore. Things that usually cheer me up or make me happy just seem pointless. No matter how hard I try I get nowhere. I just want to sleep until these feelings go away if they ever do
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
I lost my job and cant find another one
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
My business is suffering because of the pandemic. I'm very worried I won't be able to pay my bills soon.
My friends just not having my back and just not pulling their weight when it comes to paying for stuff. For example, they expect me to pay for everything when we go out to dinner or even go to the bar. Any type of activity they will be
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
My friend has passed away and I'm struggling to deal with the grief.
need for good grades
My dog died
I think I need to break up with my girlfriend because my feelings have changed
I have been getting low grades lately and am scared I will be thrown out of my University.
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
bad experiences with others
My three years relationship ended last week , he betrayed me he had another affair , we discussed and break up . He misused my credit card he took my all money. he spreading fake news about me in social media.
I just can't seem to unwind at night.
I am on short term disability and I am afraid I will lose my job if I don't go back soon.
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
I have a huge test coming up soon and I don't think I am ready for it.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
My friend started posting on his wall that he believes that Democrats cheated on the election. I had known him for over 20 years and I don't know if I can trust him every again.
just down
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I experience sleepless nights so frequently since I lost my best friend due to Covid 19. I keep on having memories we had growing up together. When I think about this things I cannot sleep sometimes for an entire night.
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
caught my girlfriend cheating on me with my neighbor its was so horrible scene for me all i could do was cry and drink because i love her so much, the pain was much that all i could think of was killing her and myself, Guess its isn't wrong if i kill the guy he cheated with too?
I live with four friends/ housemates. I like them, but at the same time we are stuck together every day 24/7. Small things add up; I am getting increasingly annoyed by their behaviors and their inconsideration for others.
These mofos are trying to charge me an "administrative processing fee" for helping gather some supplies!! Taxin' my packages man!
I seem to be failing my senior project by no fault of mine or very little fault of mine and proffessors do not want to hear about it.
Covid 20 is now in situation.This makes me fear.We couldnt predict our future.
my friend has a new friend
I have finals coming up and I'm very nervous for them.
I recently left my job because of a toxic environment but now I'm having trouble finding another and I'm running out of money.
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
My industry has been shut down since March due to covid-19 and I've been struggling to find work that is safe for me to do (I have asthma and a blood disorder that compromises my immune system), haven't had any success with unemployment and really just very stressed about money.
I don't have enough money to pay bills. I am so scared. I need help.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
Have an essay due Monday and haven’t even finished the lessons. I feel like I shouldn’t be doing this degree
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
I am nervous and anxious about my status with my friends. I am not sure what I mean to them and if I am easily replaceable.
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
The feel of isolation during pandemic and being an immigrant without any family closeby.
as a new mom , i wanted to spend much time with baby , i took break from work but my mind became too lazy to get back work so i lost job .still my brain not yet all agree for try new job because of baby .I need much money to take care of entire family of 6 .I shame on my self why i thinking like this
friends trying to let me down
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
covid no work
I decided to separate from my husband after finding myself incredibly unhappy.
Fear about losing a job
pet died
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
i am breaked with my lover
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
I have just lost my job, and am experiencing depression, as a result of financial worry.
One of my best friends I lived with moved out and screwed us over with the lease and her rent the DAY BEFORE rent was due and then blocked us on everything so that we couldn't ask her to pay.
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
I am alone and have no friends.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
After a 2 years of relationship i broke up with my girlfriend. So she packed up her stuff and move away
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
Me and my girlfriend got into a fight over holiday break that I thought could be fixed but instead ended up in us breaking up
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
Need a second job to pay off credit card bills
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
Every night I try to go to sleep and I am actually tired but once in bed I cannot stop thinking about tons of things and I cannot fell asleep.
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
I got an email from my job that they will not extend my job and will have to leave.
I failed an exam last semester and have to stay in school for another year.
I feel anxious all the time about covid and trying to make money.
I am isolated due to covid and don't see the situation getting better any time soon.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
lost job went to prison
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
I dewl shameful for some of my actions in the past
Since getting a new job I feel like I'm constantly trying to prove myself. I measure myself against other people and just don't feel I'm good enough I'm having a real issue with my confidence at the moment
Quarantine keeps going on and on.
My friends and family do not really pay attention to me unless they need me to solve a problem. I am lonely because unless they need something they aren’t there for me. They only seek me out when they are needy
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
Catching up with academic deadlines
I'm really nervous about my finals coming up. I want to do well!
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
my girlfriend was break up with me i found out that she was cheating on me
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
academic pressures
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
I fear disappointing my parents.
I messed up, my girl friend got pregnant two months to my wedding with my fiancée wedding
I'm angry at my mother, she never seems to understand me and always criticize everything I do whether good or bad.
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
I am upset with my best friend over the results of the election. We generally agree not to discuss politics, but the controversy over Biden's win over Trump has us split. I am angry that she keeps bringing it up.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
I am losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for work right now
Ex girlfriend issues.
My younger sister passed away unexpectedly a few months ago in an apartment fire and I am having trouble dealing with this.
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
I recently broke up with my boyfriend and I'm having a hard time because it's almost the holidays.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
freind is a drunk and nobody told her besides me now she is mad at me
My friend is not treating me the way that a friend is supposed to be treating me
My son had heart surgery this year and is in the midst of being diagnosed with CP. I work with a lot of people and am terrified I could catch COVID and it will kill him.
lost my job and will be living on the streets in 2 days
I am depressed due to covid pandemic.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
My school is extremely rigorous and I'm experiencing difficulty with anxiety
I have been recently laid out because of COVID-19 and not solved yet.
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
After a 2 years of relationship i broke up with my girlfriend. So she packed up her stuff and move away
School work piling up, lots of projects and pressure on time issues. Wanted to escape but can't.
i shared somethng with my best ffirend and she betrayed me
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
just everyday life
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
Nervous about a test in the future because I do not know if I am learning well enough because of lack of in-person teaching.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
Loss of job and the pandemic
I am dealing with a COVID-19 quarantining situation. Can't interact with family and friends. Wife is super paranoid about the virus.
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
I was working when one of my bosses continued to bully and speak down to me
I see a text message from my ex-wife's phone that states "you look sexier now that you did this morning." I was the major sign that my marriage was in trouble and why would my wife cheat on me.
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
I was fired.
Friends do not want to hang out due to pandemic
I have been getting low grades lately and am scared I will be thrown out of my University.
I have been self-isolating since March which has made my chronic depression worse than ever. I live alone and have not touched another human being in all that time.
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
I broke up with my ex partner and found out they cheated on me
I recently argued with my family about my dating partner.
My father will not talk to me anymore because he is obsessed with Trump. So I call him out, and he now does not speak to or acknowledge me. We have been close until this happened, it struck me as bizarre.
My friend is a lier and a cheater. I know it.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
My friends don't understand my choices to get married quickly and buy a house
i have no friends
Lay off from the job
I've been experiencing repeated romantic rejections from potential mates.
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
I am scared that all of my academic accomplishments will amount to nothing
I was in a course with a bad teacher and was not doing well. I felt like his grading was unfair and his teaching methods were unclear. When I tried to talk to him about the issues I was having I didn't feel like he did anything to help.
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
Iam feeling very sadness after breaking up with my girlfriend.
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
girlfriend broke my heart
I feel that my friends do not really like me much and do not want to meet me
My job is based on demand and the current economic state makes less demand.
I can't stop eating at work
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
I am afraid of failure, and it paralyses me to where I cannot study enough to score well on the tests.
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
I keep putting of my work because I'm afraid i'll fail at it. I just need to process the data, but I don't know why I keep putting it off. I feel angry at myself
I can not find a career i am stressing
I want to move out of my state with my boyfriend and I think I would want to leave earlier than May. How do I tell him?
Not really succeeding in college
My job required me to work for 80-90 hours a week. Due to this, I could not spend any time on myself, my family and my friends.
My girlfriend of ten years run away on our wedding day
I'm feeling very lonely lately and I don't have many friends to turn to. This makes me sad because I've always had only a few friends but now they have families and kids and I feel more alone than ever.
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
need for good grades
I failed my Finals and now I am on academic probation. I am afraid I will be expelled.
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
I just woke up and felt sad and I cannot shake the feeling and I just want to cry and never leave bed
I just broke up with my boyfriend and I hinestly don't know what to do
I can't fall asleep as my mind races at night
I am unable to work at my job anymore due to a poor supervisor who made my work much more difficult.
I am dealing with a COVID-19 quarantining situation. Can't interact with family and friends. Wife is super paranoid about the virus.
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
My boss recently left the company and I am not getting the information from her boss that I need. It is worrisome.
I cannot paint at art school
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
i couldnt sleep because my neighbors were partying and playing loud music
Trying to adapt to teaching students online and feeling like I am failing them
Lost my job in the lockdown
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
I experience sleepless nights so frequently since I lost my best friend due to Covid 19. I keep on having memories we had growing up together. When I think about this things I cannot sleep sometimes for an entire night.
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
friends trying to let me down
There aren't any specific events currently happening to cause anxiety, it's more of an inability to turn off my brain. If there are issues in my life, I definitely overthink them and that causes a downward spiral into depression.
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
I have been getting low grades lately and am scared I will be thrown out of my University.
breakup with partner
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
I broke up with my girlfriend since we didn't have chemistry and now I feel alone.
My longtime partner revealed that they cheated on me during the pandemic and I've very very sad about it
i cant do well in school and they mock me
I was scheduled to take my vacation after next week on Christmas week but due to some people quitting my boss suggested that I will have to work , I will not work because I already have plans but I am afraid that if I don’t work she will cut my hours when I come back
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
I have been struggling since I lost my job. I have been on the lookout for a new job, tried doing menial jobs just to get by, but nothing seems to be available.
I have a great friend that has died of corona virus. I am shattered because I could not see her in her last moments or go to her funeral. All we had was facetime. She was only 35 with severe asthma. I am reeling. This happened two weeks ago and my sadness and depression is overwhelming. How can I get over this?
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
lose job
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
I have had a lady who has been a friend for one year now. We have been in good terms until recently when she no longer has time for me and she does not explain the reason for the same. I have scheduled several meetings but she turns down my request every time. I dont know what to do at such a time when i need her support the most.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
My girlfriend has a rare condition that can be very expensive to just keep her healthy. Her grandparents are supporting us and the grandmother's husband is going through dementia and making everyone stressed and could possibly die leaving 3 houses to pay off.
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
I fear my depression is getting worse. This pandemic is taking a toll on me.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
Anxiety about losing my job
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
Basically the loneliness of the season and being forced to seclude because of the virus.
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
My mother told me that she hurt her knee and can not work.
I have a problem with a job. I can't find the job for a long time. When the covid started most of the jobs was closed. As I dont have any higher education, it's hard to find a real one with a good salary. But as all jobs, like waiters, adn so on still closed, it get me the depression.
I am in the middle of job hunting but it has been very difficult to find one during the pandemic. This really upsets me.
I have been very depressed due to lack of job and its affecting me mentally
My friend is a good friend of mine but he is not a suitor as in I would not want to marry or date him but my fiance still gets bothered by me talking to him. I don't talk to him anymore but can't see why he still considers it microcheating even if I don't talk about our relationship.
I messed up, my girl friend got pregnant two months to my wedding with my fiancée wedding
i'm in depression because recently i lost my job
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
I have a very good friend whom I have noticed does not tell me the truth , she cherry picks what she wants to tell me. I have also noticed that she doesn't call me unless I call. What got me so upset what was she did the last time I called her. She got me off the phone in a matter of seconds saying that she will call back , but never did. I felt so dejected and promised never to call her back again.
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
Quit job due to stress. Trying to find a good job that is remote and not soul numbing has been hard. I just want to be a stay at home person. I have anxiety about job search.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
Ive gained some weight after having my kids. I havent been able to lose or go below 150. so nothing fits, or nothing looks good on me anymore. and i feel thats why my boyfriend doesnt compliment me ever or make me feel wanted at all.
my age (66), uselessness,fear of death
I am very scared about next college semester it is frightening
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
I am very nervous about my fianl paper.
My (ex)fiancé and I recently broke up, but we're still spending a great deal of time together, and we both say we're not sure if our relationship is 100% "done" and agreed to tell each other if we start dating other people. He said he doesn't want to see anyone else, but I came over one night to find him with a woman. It was their third date.
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
friends trying to let me down
I found out my partner was cheating on me and I just feel betrayed and heartbroken.
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
My friend died in a car accident
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
I'm kind of just generally feeling seasonal depression as I don't feel happy,
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
suicide
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
My close friend died because of Covid-19 last month, it bothers me a lot and i constantly feel depression.
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
related to the current pandemic
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
My mental health (innatentive ADHD) cannot be properly medicated with the recommended medication because of an underlying heart condition. Causing a low mood.
I TALK WITH MY FRIENDSHIP
I am sad about not having family near me. I am in a town all alone.
I have no job
I have 6 finals that are coming up soon, and i need to do well in order to have a good GPA for medical school
I just feel like every one hates me and no one really wants to be my friend. It feels like when someone is nice to me they are just doing it as a favor and they don’t really like me or care about me
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
daily stresses
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
struggling with my demons
I'm in the depression because of todays market situation
my family neglected me
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
Time of the year when family is not around
My boss reduced my pay so that he gets a bonus
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
I don't know what to do anymore, everything in my life is going downward.
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
I am just starting school & i feel like i not smart enough to graduate
staying at home with kids and stopping outside work
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
They want me to work on a project with them. I agreed to it. Wondering how it will go.
I work a dead end job.
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
effects of the pandemic
I am sad about finding out my boyfriend broke up with me because he saw where I came from .
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
With everything going on, my depression has taking a turn for the worst.
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
My friend started posting on his wall that he believes that Democrats cheated on the election. I had known him for over 20 years and I don't know if I can trust him every again.
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
no specific event to describe
just down
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
My mother told me that she hurt her knee and can not work.
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
My boss recently left the company and I am not getting the information from her boss that I need. It is worrisome.
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
feel alone. have no one to talk to about things. feel depressed,sad,hopeless. on top of feeling depressed i am also stressed out about my finances
I was fired.
finals are this week and i'm freaking out
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
My boyfriend left me for another person. I loved him so much, and I just can't seem to get over him
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
My close friend died because of Covid-19 last month, it bothers me a lot and i constantly feel depression.
Lost my job in the lockdown
I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I interviewed for.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
related to the current pandemic
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
I keep having dreams that I've forgotten to go to one of my classes and I won't graduate on time.
I dewl shameful for some of my actions in the past
can't find a job/path in life
I am always in the mood of depression. I thought every thing going to be happen to me in wrong way
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
I've always struggled with depression. I just feel hopeless.
I failed a few of my midterms and now I'm very apprehensive about my finals.
I got an email from my job that they will not extend my job and will have to leave.
Fear of layoff from work
eviction
effects of the pandemic
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
Going to lose my job in January, not sure what to do about that.
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
I am battling with letting my past childhood trauma effect my relationship and the raising of my child.
My close friend committed a mistake. I truly informed her and argued to rectify the mistake. But she opposed and tried to avoid me and she scolded me more. Moreover she told all our friends that I am doing jealously and it was irritating her. This event make me very depressed.
my family neglected me
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
Work is extremely stressful. I work 12 hour days and I feel like I have no time to do the things I like.
Having a lot going on in life and school and feeling very stressed.
can't find a job/path in life
ongoing depression every day . It s hard to even get out of bed
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
My friends will not even call me half the time even though I am always calling them and trying to get together.
I have recently been let go from my job due to the pandemic, and I have been feeling sad lately.
We've been together for a long time and he decided to call it quits.
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
A few things happened in my office that on and off stressed me out, including an odd pay period and a hostile coworker.
I feel I am getting looked over for a promotion/raise at work and it is causing anxiety and fear that I don’t have longevity at my company and that I’m not being valued.
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
I let the best lady in the world get away from me.
My job terminated a lot of people recently and I am afraid that they will do that again and I may lose my job if that happens
My mother recently passed, a month ago due to being an alcoholic for many years.
Jobs are competitive
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
I recently had a baby and iam facing postpartum depression
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
A few days ago I fell walking down some stairs and chipped my two front teeth and also broke my foot. I need to get surgery on my foot, and get my teeth fixed at the dentist with a couple crowns.
I married a divorcee. She was not honest with me. I felt sympathy about her previous marriage. She was not honest about her real problems. She treated me horribly. I had to leave.
I have been suffering from depression for many years due to emotional trauma
My friend is dating a man who is a drug addict and she doesn't understand why I won't hang out with the two of them.
My friend is not treating me the way that a friend is supposed to be treating me
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
worried about losing my job
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
Ive been trying to get with some of friends to hang out maybe just for a couple hours just to catch up. But no-one seems like they want to be bothered due to covid. But the other day I called this particularly person and she said that they were all out having lunch, So why wasn't I included?
My manager has decided that everyone will continue to work from home nearly 100% of the time after the pandemic is under control. (Prior to the pandemic, most of us only had one work-from-home day a week.) I really love the work I do, but I've been experiencing depression this past year largely due to my lack of human contact throughout the work day.
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
pressure of applying for fellowship
I have a great friend that has died of corona virus. I am shattered because I could not see her in her last moments or go to her funeral. All we had was facetime. She was only 35 with severe asthma. I am reeling. This happened two weeks ago and my sadness and depression is overwhelming. How can I get over this?
pandemic and family stress
friend has possible COVID and going to hospital today for tests
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
One of my best friends I lived with moved out and screwed us over with the lease and her rent the DAY BEFORE rent was due and then blocked us on everything so that we couldn't ask her to pay.
I need to make more money right now to support myself, But I love my job and I am scared to leave it. And start over.
Catching up with academic deadlines
Trying to find a job
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
I broke up with my partner.
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
I seem to be failing my senior project by no fault of mine or very little fault of mine and proffessors do not want to hear about it.
i just broke up with my girlfriend last week. I found her cheating
I applied with a lot of companies and never hear back. I need money for the holidays.
caught my girlfriend cheating on me with my neighbor its was so horrible scene for me all i could do was cry and drink because i love her so much, the pain was much that all i could think of was killing her and myself, Guess its isn't wrong if i kill the guy he cheated with too?
I left my home due to income reduction, and live with sibling.
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
I am living with a controlling mentally abusive husband
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
I can't seem to make any friends - always left on my own and no-one to talk to
My partner broke up with me a few days ago
My friend died in a car accident
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
My friend died in a car accident
lost job went to prison
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
facing a breakup with the partner..
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
The holiday season has me down
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
I only have two weeks left to make major revisions to my scientific paper that was recently submitted to a journal. I am freaking out.
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
I HAVE NOT worked in 4 years and i feel very ashamed
I lost my job and very distressed about it
My husband abandoned me and my kids
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
I don't have enough money to pay bills. I am so scared. I need help.
I suffer from chronic depression and stress due to a number of factors. Currently, life is very overwhelming with medical issues plaguing myself, my husband and our two children. I can't catch a break and I'm feeling overwhelmed.
School work piling up, lots of projects and pressure on time issues. Wanted to escape but can't.
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
I have been struggling since I lost my job. I have been on the lookout for a new job, tried doing menial jobs just to get by, but nothing seems to be available.
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
I am depressed because my girlfriend is thinking about leaving me.
I'm failing my classes and I'm on scholarship
A friend keeps talking lies
My mental health (innatentive ADHD) cannot be properly medicated with the recommended medication because of an underlying heart condition. Causing a low mood.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
I am alone and have no friends.
thinking about what classes are best to take in order to get a job
i want to change my situation and improve but i am so depressed i don't have the energy to look for a job much less perform them adequately. on top of that my town has almost no jobs (2 thousand people in central Kansas)
One of my classes is extremely difficult and my professor is not responsive.
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
I feel like I am not doing my job very well and that my co workers can tell that I suck at my job and are possibly conspiring against me.
I have a daughter who has decided to go live with her dad. I'm having a hard time with this. She is 16. And that's her decision. I'm fine with that part but I'm not fine with her not seeing me or spending time with me. 3 months age I grounded her and she's been upset with me ever since. She needed it though. She was getting out of hand. This is my baby girl. Her dad thinks everything is ok. like it is but I feel I have a right to see my daughter as well.
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
My sister-in-law is a horrible person, and she's harrassing me for jewelery from my mom, who just died.
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
impending academic deadlines
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
I suffered bullying at school. for the simple fact of being not very fat but if stuffed, they called me a cow, they made the expression of a cow, they threw my bag in the trash, I had no friends. It was hard and strong to be able to study there, after that they changed my school, everything was fine until those from the previous school found out where I was studying and the bullying started again. It has had an impact on my life, I believe that even my feelings are the same, I have not been able to forget it.
My boyfriend and I recently broke up due to our long-distance relationship and the impact COVID-19 has had on the travel industry.
Just lost my job. Don't know how to continue with my lifestyle.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
I need a job but finding one that doesn't require weekends is almost impossible. There are no day cares in my area that watch kids on the weekend so that is another delima.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
I am in a deep depression, have no friends or family to talk to. I also started drinking
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
my boyfriend of three years has been cheating on me.
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
I am scared that all of my academic accomplishments will amount to nothing
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
ongoing depression every day . It s hard to even get out of bed
My boyfriend broke up with me because he didn't want a relationship with someone who had kids.
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
Self isolation due to the pandemic. Home with the kids alone every day.
Lost my job in the lockdown
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
I have struggled with depression for a while but recently it seems to be getting worse, with no clear reason.
i have discontinued my studies due to financial problems. i feel like i am depressed lately.
My friend's dad passed away due to Coronavirus and I am sad.
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
I've always struggled with depression. I just feel hopeless.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I drank too much and don't remember what happened last night.
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
COVID, job pressure, stress with partner, sharing custody of my son, recuperating from cancer treatment
I lost my job and very distressed about it
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
covid 19 issues
My friend is dating a man who is a drug addict and she doesn't understand why I won't hang out with the two of them.
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
I'm stressed about my final grades and ongoing pressure to do well academically. I don't know how to motivate myself, as I'm too afraid of the outcome.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about finding a new one.
I have a job that does not fulfill my goals for myself. I used to love my job but coronavirus has made it hard to enjoy. It is frequent that I have nothing to do and instead sit at my desk and think about all the other things I could do.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
My mother recently passed, a month ago due to being an alcoholic for many years.
They are always demotivate my economic status. It hurts me a lot
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
I have so much homework that I can't keep up and I dont feel motivated in my classes because im so behind.
My husband keeps wasting money and we are having a hard time making ends meet. We'd be fine if he didn't overspend, but he's addicted to it.
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
My job informed me that they will be reducing my hours and not extend my contract.
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
I have lost my job because of COVID19
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
Car accident led to traumatic brain injury and PTSD having nightmares 2x a week.
My job shut down due to COVID and I've lost a lot of income.
My friends and family do not really pay attention to me unless they need me to solve a problem. I am lonely because unless they need something they aren’t there for me. They only seek me out when they are needy
I'm feeling so depressed lately. The holidays are coming and I just want to stay in bed under the covers.
I recently broke-up with my boyfriend. We were together 5 years.
I have a friend that has admitted that she was using heroin. She got help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if she is really off the heroin. I will talk to her and it is like she gets sleepy and nods off. I have talked to her and she gets mad and denies and says I am not supporting her getting help and that this is why addicts go back to drugs because they are always accused.
A coworker feels that I am discriminating against her because I give corrective feedback on procedures she is doing wrong. There have been numerous occasions of her wrongdoing.
as a new mom , i wanted to spend much time with baby , i took break from work but my mind became too lazy to get back work so i lost job .still my brain not yet all agree for try new job because of baby .I need much money to take care of entire family of 6 .I shame on my self why i thinking like this
can't focus
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
I have a horrible professor that has not adapted to technology well for COVID. There is one week left and he just assigned a major lab to do at home out of nowhere.He's also horrible at communicating.
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
My mom died almost 2 years ago. Due to anxiety, i have a long term boyfriend but no other friends so i was pretty close with my mom. i miss her desperately
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
effects of the pandemic
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
Covid-19 has made me more depressed i miss being outside, traveling, hanging with my friends and be happy.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
My boss reduced my pay so that he gets a bonus
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
I am having trouble getting over the loss of a friendship that was important to me. I was very close to someone who acted as though he was my best friend but secretly didn't care for me at all. Eventually he told me so, and every time I think about it it feels like a punch in the stomach, even years later.
I think that i am gaining weight and hard as i try I can not keep it off and i am getting vry put down.
Don't feel qualified for job I am applying for.
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
I am unable to work at my job anymore due to a poor supervisor who made my work much more difficult.
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
fighting with my husband all the time and not seeing eye to eye. felling unwanted and unloved
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me and i do not know the reason
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
My boyfriend left me for another person. I loved him so much, and I just can't seem to get over him
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
My boyfriend broke up with me in a facebook story. He won't tell me why. He won't return my calls or answer my messages. I think it is because I posted something (innocent) that made him jealous. But he is being so cruel. He posts many sad songs to make it seem like he is so hurt by me, but he won't even speak with me. I can't eat or sleep. I'm losing my mind.
daily stresses
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
trying to find a job with good hours
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
My dog died
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
I'm worried I will never find love again and I'm not getting any younger
Hope I will not die? My doctor told me not to smoke again, I tried to stop for the past five years that I have been coughing seriously but all the effort was aborted.
I'm so worried about breaking up with my boyfriend that I'm shaking.
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
I am breaking up with my spouse
Since getting a new job I feel like I'm constantly trying to prove myself. I measure myself against other people and just don't feel I'm good enough I'm having a real issue with my confidence at the moment
I HAVE NOT worked in 4 years and i feel very ashamed
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
My friends and family do not really pay attention to me unless they need me to solve a problem. I am lonely because unless they need something they aren’t there for me. They only seek me out when they are needy
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
This pandemic has me depressed everyday and the drugs are not helping, before something else happens to me or I do something stupid, help.....
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
Lost my job in the lockdown
I have lost my job, and my entire industry has been shut down due to Covid-19, and I am struggling to find work that is safe for me to do from home.
I drank too much and don't remember what happened last night.
Just lost my job. Don't know how to continue with my lifestyle.
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
alcoholism
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
related to the current pandemic
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
I am afraid of receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I feel that worried about my finances as I am tapping into my savings to feel afloat.
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
i left my job, and moved across the country without another job lined up. it's been 3 months since i have worked. and this is compounded by a lot of feelings of loss and grieving as i left a job of 8 years.
I'm worried that my job is in jeopardy.
Going to lose my job in January, not sure what to do about that.
Depression is currently taking a toll on my life. This pandemic is stressing me out.
I have no job
I just broke up with my boyfriend and I hinestly don't know what to do
Trying to complete my senior year
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
Catching up with academic deadlines
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
I've just been feeling tired and sad lately especially with everything that's going on
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
My boyfriend broke up with me, but we live together and have roommates. Now he is turning the roommates against me.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I have been overloaded with school work recently. I failed my first exam earlier this week and I am stressed and anxious about my exams later in the week.
I can't go on a day without having a glass of alcohol
Don't feel qualified for job I am applying for.
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
I was laid off from my job
i worry that they will never stop pressuring me to go back to work. even though i have a disability that keeps me from doing that. the thought of talking about it makes me feel major anxiety
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
related to the current pandemic
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
Feeling depressed and doesn't feel doing like anything.
Because of my classes going completely online, it's been incredibly hard for me to keep up in my classes. Because of this, my grades are falling dramatically and I'm afraid that I won't be able to continue in college if next semester is also like this. I've tried reaching out to my professors, but most of them have been unhelpful with my situation.
I've been given some feedback in work that has really annoyed me and I think I should complain about it.
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
I have a large test and don't feel prepared
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
co workers seem to ignore me and don't say hello, i feel unwanted
Nervous about a test in the future because I do not know if I am learning well enough because of lack of in-person teaching.
I seem to be failing my senior project by no fault of mine or very little fault of mine and proffessors do not want to hear about it.
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
I dewl shameful for some of my actions in the past
girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me
I have to give a presentation at work after completing a course and am fearful as I've had a bad experience in the past
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
My school is extremely rigorous and I'm experiencing difficulty with anxiety
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
trying to find a job in this town is almost impossible, it is either fast food, walmart, or if you know someone the chemical plants. i need to get out of the place i am in or i am going to go insane. i cant do that without more income.
My set of friends with include 6 close women are falling apart because of not communicating often and not being physically close to one another. It is really weird how being apart from one another can really change strong relationships. I am still close with everyone but I can not say the same about everyone else. We have all known each other for 25 years and it makes me sad and anxious that when we come out corona it won't be the same. Specifically, two of my besties are arguing with each other over a piece of sensitive gossip that was shared outside our group. Someone feels betrayed and I want to help them both without taking sides.
My mother told me that she hurt her knee and can not work.
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
Parents pressuring me to do well in studies
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
New boss who is difficult
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
I thought I was going to marry my girlfriend but then she ended up cheating on me. It broke my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust a girl again.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I am depressed staying at home due to COVID.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
My boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him.
My company is going through a restructure and i am worried about my job
Due to this pandemic, I am worry for my future. Especially my job stability.
Family disharmony, young niece having to witness a lot of verbal fighting.
effects of the pandemic
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
Trying to complete my senior year
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for my job.
Just the virus and loneliness. Isolation
My mom got in a serious accident and ever since, I have developed anxiety whenever I cannot be around my parents
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
My friends don't understand my choices to get married quickly and buy a house
Not sure how to explain that I want out of marriage
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
Feeling depressed and doesn't feel doing like anything.
i lost my job and have no more savings.
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
I cannot paint at art school
Parents pressuring me to do well in studies
I just got layed off.
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
I am very depressed. I always have been. I don't know how to fix it. I've tried therapy and medicine but they don't seem to work.
Fear of losing my job
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
I am mad at my professor for giving me a 0 on a test.
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
My friend is a good friend of mine but he is not a suitor as in I would not want to marry or date him but my fiance still gets bothered by me talking to him. I don't talk to him anymore but can't see why he still considers it microcheating even if I don't talk about our relationship.
My husband and I are having a very difficult tine both working remotely during the corona virus and having two kids with us all day who are learning online. We are being interrupted daily and they tend to come to my office more-so than my husbands. He seems to think I can deal with this better and more efficiently but my work is just as important as his. We both make about the same income.
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
I asked my friend if she would go to the store with me because I was feeling down and overwhelmed with kids. She said she was too tired so she would have to pass this time. I was angry because I always support her when she is down or needs it. When I need it, she is nowhere to be seen. It's okay I guess for her to be depressed, but no one else can, because she has already monopolized that emotion. How can you ask someone for help when you are feeling depressed when they are depressed themselves?
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
Fear of layoff from job
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
I've just been feeling tired and sad lately especially with everything that's going on
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
i was talking with another my partner have seen that incident
I have always been an honors student but with virtual school, I'm falling so far behind and I'm not sure when school will ever go back to normal.
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
I am finding the second lockdown intensely difficult to deal with, even worse than the first.
pressure of applying for fellowship
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
i have no friends
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
I became jobless. My boss and I had a disagreement and she terminated me.
Christmas is coming up and I've been having a terrible time finding a job.
Ex girlfriend issues.
I accidentally shared a nude photo that was intended for private viewing to a group chat with several friends.
nothing i do pleases my boss
Conflict with parents
as a new mom , i wanted to spend much time with baby , i took break from work but my mind became too lazy to get back work so i lost job .still my brain not yet all agree for try new job because of baby .I need much money to take care of entire family of 6 .I shame on my self why i thinking like this
I am in the process of applying to colleges and my parents are making a big deal of getting into the school of their choice. If I do not, it is up to me to find a way to pay for college.
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
Haven't been able to find a companion for years, loneliness has driven me to depression.
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
My friend totally screwed me over. We were doing a business deal and he lied about how much money we got from the deal. He screwed me!
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
I married a divorcee. She was not honest with me. I felt sympathy about her previous marriage. She was not honest about her real problems. She treated me horribly. I had to leave.
Hello. My baby of 11 years had passed away last week. This would be my pomeranian and I am devastated. I am fearful now of getting another puppy during Corona.
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
My ongoing depression is getting worse due to this pandemic.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
I've been studying very hard for this class, but I have been performing very poorly. This is the first time I have done this bad and I just feel so incompetent. Nothing I do seems to work.
The feel of isolation during pandemic and being an immigrant without any family closeby.
It is not well to do better information for gather with my friends and they irritated me.
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
i'm in depression because recently i lost my job
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
I dont know what to do with out her.
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
I am unable to work at my job anymore due to a poor supervisor who made my work much more difficult.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
I did a very disgusting thing, I dated online without know, who is she, she tricked me with her naked pictures and I fell into her hand by sent 4000 dollar to her
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
My friend didn't like it that he dumped me. She told him he was an idiot to do that.
I am worried about failing my college math exams and being kicked out of school.
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
My mental health (innatentive ADHD) cannot be properly medicated with the recommended medication because of an underlying heart condition. Causing a low mood.
I have finals coming up soon and I also have a lot of other stuff going on in my life and I am very stressed.
Parents are pressuring me to become a doctor
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
I am in the process of applying to colleges and my parents are making a big deal of getting into the school of their choice. If I do not, it is up to me to find a way to pay for college.
Well we are at different places in our lives. My partner wants to leave to go to another state to be with her cousin. I want to stay around the family we have here already.
I keep failing my classes and cannot seem to catch up
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
can't find a job/path in life
I don't know what to do anymore, everything in my life is going downward.
my friend betrayed because she thought i wanted to snatch her boyfriend from her.
I made a mistake at work by not calling a placement for a resident and now they are unable to leave in time and my boss is upset.
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
my friend betrayed because she thought i wanted to snatch her boyfriend from her.
The holiday season has me down
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
I'm so worried about breaking up with my boyfriend that I'm shaking.
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
I feel like my friends don't care about me at all. When we get together all they want to do is talk about their lives. When I raise something that is bothering me they just make some trite response and then move back to what they want to talk about.
pandemic and family stress
I have just realized I will never be able to afford a real house for my family and feel horrible,
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
I have been recently laid out because of COVID-19 and not solved yet.
My mother recently passed, a month ago due to being an alcoholic for many years.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
I had an argument with my parents over my girlfriend.
I am having financial problems and i am worried i will not be able afford my kids christmas presents.
I was in the store and there were two other women. They were whispering to each other and looking at me. I could hear a couple words and they were making fun of my hair and the way I dress. People just don't accept me. It's hard to feel so different.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
I love my friends. But sometimes I feel as if I can't really be myself around them without being judged for doing something. I've known them for quite a long time now. I don't know if i am just being sensitive or what, but I feel like I'm the one that gets bullied in the friend group.
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
I have a huge test coming up soon and I don't think I am ready for it.
Work is extremely stressful. I work 12 hour days and I feel like I have no time to do the things I like.
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
I was pulled off of a project I had been on for 6 months. Last week I was transferred to a new team and all of the hard work I had put in for 6 months was given to another engineer to finish. The reason I was given was that my skills would be better used on this other team because they were behind on their project.
My friends and family do not really pay attention to me unless they need me to solve a problem. I am lonely because unless they need something they aren’t there for me. They only seek me out when they are needy
I married a divorcee. She was not honest with me. I felt sympathy about her previous marriage. She was not honest about her real problems. She treated me horribly. I had to leave.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
I studied really hard and failed my math test, i even got a tutor. worst day ever.
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
I need to leave my job as I do not make enough money, however I love my job and hate to leave.
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
Job safety is causing my sadness and stress. COVID-19 is making it worse.
the current pandemic
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
Job safety is causing my sadness and stress. COVID-19 is making it worse.
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
I cheated on my boyfriend and I don't want to tell him. I feel really bad because he is a great person.
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
Friends keep calling my face ugly
in this covid time , my job in trouble .I tested covid positive and unble to attended my office hours fro 2 months .My manager thought i joined another company but i was not yet all healthy to do any job .And i became pregnant in this covid time .I scaring how can i handle baby and job .I need much money but my manager not agree to give job
I am falling in love with a friend who doesn't return any feelings like this.
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
I fear that I might never be loved again. I feel so lonely.
I wanted to start having sex with other women from the Internet and my wife would not allow it.
My aunt died a week ago who was 90. Was very close to her.
I am supposed to be getting married overseas but I cannot because of the border policy due to COVID
my husband cheated on me and i want to divirce him
Remote working is unfavorable
I broke up with my partner because she was constantly neglecting me. She showed little interest in doing things together and I had enough of trying to please her. She ends up with a new guy just two weeks later.
I quit my full time job as an Administrative Assistant in August 2020 becuase my job did not following Covid-19 roles set up by the State in which I live in. I am struggling to find a job that is WFH since August.
academic pressure
My boyfriend was disrespectful. he went ahead to cheat on me with the particular girl i warned him about seeing. he lied about it even after being caught and tried to emotionally blackmail me with it still.
Just lost my job. Don't know how to continue with my lifestyle.
I'm worried that my job is in jeopardy.
I left my home due to income reduction, and live with sibling.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
just everyday life
I have recently broke up with my girlfriend which has caused me great sadness
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
I am separated from my wife and in the middle of a PhD program and am using alcohol to numb the pain.
i have depression because recently i lost my job
I thought I was going to marry my girlfriend but then she ended up cheating on me. It broke my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust a girl again.
I love my parents but they want me to pursue business major while I am doing a psychology major to be Physician Assistant one day. They feel I am letting them down but in reality I want to be in the medicine field. I do not know what to do
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
Just failed a huge test in my class and may not graduate this semester
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
am sinking into depression
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
Nothing special just an ongoing thing i've been dealing with since my daughter was born.
I am getting a divorce. My ex is fighting a lot over child support and visitation.
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
I was already having a really bad day, from a run in I had with a very rude lady. Then I received a text from someone who I thought was my friend. She felt like I haven' t been there for her because I didn't pick up her call. I honestly didn't see her call and definitely would've got back to her, if I saw her call. She said mean and nasty things about me, which I don' t care about. But she did the wrong mistake of bringing my child into the equation, when he had nothing to do with it. I wanted to really beat the crap out of her because not only did she do that, she blocked my number and ran. Like I was beyond pissed.
Recently divorced my husband of eight years after finding out he married another women overseas.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
Current partner cheated on me in the past and I think he is doing it again.
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
My dad and I do not talk anymore even though we used to be close.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
Looking in the mirror I know I’m fine enough to go out in public. But I still feel horrible about what I see. And I know it’s never going to be good enough.
I am very nervous about my fianl paper.
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
Being stuck at home all day with 3 kid and barely able to leave the house. I am feeling so overwhelmed and exhausted.
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
My boyfriend broke up with me after being together for 5 years. He also cheated on me with my best friend.
I have finals coming up soon and I also have a lot of other stuff going on in my life and I am very stressed.
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
covid 19 issues
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
I'm frustrated with Covid, having family issues, and I'm the caregiver for my disabled sister. Plus the holidays have been cancelled and so I'm just pretty anxious and depressed.
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
Since covid I havent been doing as well in school. I'm very upset and ashamed at my self
the pandemic
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me
I am in the middle of job hunting but it has been very difficult to find one during the pandemic. This really upsets me.
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
Since covid I havent been doing as well in school. I'm very upset and ashamed at my self
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
I feel I am getting looked over for a promotion/raise at work and it is causing anxiety and fear that I don’t have longevity at my company and that I’m not being valued.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
I am depressed and always angry. I lose my temper and say racist things to people, and am miserable to be around. I got mad at my father inlaw for talking badly about President Trump on Thanksgiving, and I called everyone "a bunch of nigger lovers" and stormed out of the house. Been angry ever since.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
I broke up with my partner because she was constantly neglecting me. She showed little interest in doing things together and I had enough of trying to please her. She ends up with a new guy just two weeks later.
I may lose a job
Pressures from my parent to be the top of the class
Ilost my home when my partner died. He had changed the will and I didn't know.
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
Fear about losing a job
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
I have a final in my class tomorrow, and if I don't get at least a B on the exam I might not pass the class.
I'm worried about being perfect on my job.
I am depressed staying at home due to COVID.
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
I've just been feeling tired and sad lately especially with everything that's going on
Not able to find suitable job
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
lot of problems in my working climate.my supervisor is very strict and angry man. any problem create in lot of issues in work place.
I had a situation which is actually forced me to break up with my partner. It gives me pain. However I strongly believed that my partner would feel about this. But he just took it easy. This hurts me a lot.
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
I live with four friends/ housemates. I like them, but at the same time we are stuck together every day 24/7. Small things add up; I am getting increasingly annoyed by their behaviors and their inconsideration for others.
My best friend finally stopped showing up and stopped replying to my message.
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
i and this lady went on a date last week, we were both in love and so i asked her out on our first date.... she told me yes the next day slept over at her place and we had sex... after a week she started behaving strange.. by the time i called her so we could talk she said she doesn't love me anymore
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
My ex who i loved so much and almost gave her everything cheated on me with another guy from my school , my relationship was almost 2 years until she dumped me.... and i had to go through an immense overthinking after the breakup for almost 6-7 months
Trying to complete my senior year
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
Loss of a job
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
its hard for me to find a job
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
I miss seeing my friends
Due to this pandemic, I've been feeling more depressed than ever. I am fearful for my job and my financials. Not a day goes by I don't think about my financial situation. If this pandemic keeps going on, my financial situation will worsen.
I have to pass my test to pass the course. I'm am crazy nervous and can't sleep.
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
I have to give a presentation at work after completing a course and am fearful as I've had a bad experience in the past
I drank too much and don't remember what happened last night.
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
Hope I will not die? My doctor told me not to smoke again, I tried to stop for the past five years that I have been coughing seriously but all the effort was aborted.
I don't know if I should continue with school right now and I am having a hard time making the decision.
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
I broke up with my girlfriend and sad about it
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
Since COVID-19 I've been trying to help my parents by giving them advice. I tell them to avoid large crowds due to my dad being on Oxygen at night. He doesn't want to listen and goes places without caring. I'm very anxious about him getting sick.
I broke up with my partner because she was constantly neglecting me. She showed little interest in doing things together and I had enough of trying to please her. She ends up with a new guy just two weeks later.
My girlfriend and I broke up due to all the fights we were having. It was mutual but it was still sad. I felt as if my life had ended and everything was in black and white. I was sad for a year afterwards.
I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
Covid 19 stress with the added stress of the holduas
I broke up with my ex partner and found out they cheated on me
there are me and my friend open some new company in my village. the company is run by one year than start the problem in partner ship. he is lie to me the account is not clear in every field so i will very anxiety with my partner
I always feel like the way I look does not live up to the expectations of those close to me. This makes me very anxious when I go to meet with them.
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
I've been really struggling lately with how much everything has changed during the pandemic. the holidays don't feel the same
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
Trying to complete my senior year
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
I feel I am failing in my graduate program. I feel that I am not good enough to earn my doctorate degree.
Husband of 9 years walked out on me and our children a few months ago. Working hard to try and make ends meat on my own.
I think I need to break up with my girlfriend because my feelings have changed
I am sad about finding out my boyfriend broke up with me because he saw where I came from .
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
daily stresses
I work a dead end job.
I get to hurting so bad in my lower back that it upsets me and then I take it out on the one's around me.
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
I was raped by my first boyfriend when I was thirteen years old.
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
Every day is a struggle, I wake up feeling hopeless, and I am having really bad anxiety attacks that I can't calm down from.
effects of the pandemic
I am afraid of how my parents will react when I tell them that I am not going to attend the holidays
I can not find a career i am stressing
My father will not talk to me anymore because he is obsessed with Trump. So I call him out, and he now does not speak to or acknowledge me. We have been close until this happened, it struck me as bizarre.
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
trying to find a job with good hours
My ongoing depression is getting worse due to this pandemic.
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
My boyfriend just told me that he wants to break up because he doesn't see a future because he never wants to get married but I do.
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
I have a friend who knew me since I was little, she is closer to my mother's age so she is kinda like my aunt growing up. She always treat me like I was little. I understand that she knew me since I was little. But I'm a grown woman now and I want our relationship to go far and grow more. I tried to explain it to her but she is not getting it. It's made me feel sad that we can't move our relationship further.
I am extremely stressed with work and am very unhappy.
related to the current pandemic
One of my best friends I lived with moved out and screwed us over with the lease and her rent the DAY BEFORE rent was due and then blocked us on everything so that we couldn't ask her to pay.
my club is giving me a fuck headache, I cannot do without Arsenal but they are fucking up on a big time
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
My beautiful Daughter is married to a man that does not treat her well. Gas-lights her continiually. This has rubbed off on their 5 year old daughter.
I am depressed staying at home due to COVID.
I lost my job, my car was just repossessed and my bills are all behind.
I'm worried I will never find love again and I'm not getting any younger
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
covid
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
I broke up with my girlfriend.
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
This COVID pandemic has really gotten to me! I'm not ready to die, but I can't stand living like this anymore!
i lost job in covid ,i lost my home due to unpaid of mortgage ..full in stress how to pay homeloans and how to get new job in this covid situations
I want to break up with my partner who ive been married to for 6 years with a 5 year old child
My husband and I are having a hard time communicating.
School has been putting a lot of pressure on me recently. Especially with finals going on.
My husband keeps wasting money and we are having a hard time making ends meet. We'd be fine if he didn't overspend, but he's addicted to it.
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
My current position will be eliminated within 6 months. I am very anxious and concerned that I will likely not find another position at mu current salary level.
I just have no energy and feel helpless about current events.
I was going to marry my girlfriend but she broke up with me a prior to proposing for an unknown reason.
I miss my girlfriend, I feel I have no one in my life.
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
I want to hangout with friends but I don't have the motivation
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
I don't think my current job is right for me. I have been doing it for 7 years and it's all I know. I don't know what to do for the best.
Current partner cheated on me in the past and I think he is doing it again.
Depressed due to a breakup
My dog died
i left my job because i could not take it any more
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
I've been given some feedback in work that has really annoyed me and I think I should complain about it.
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
I have not been able to find a job
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
My father will not talk to me anymore because he is obsessed with Trump. So I call him out, and he now does not speak to or acknowledge me. We have been close until this happened, it struck me as bizarre.
My mom got in a serious accident and ever since, I have developed anxiety whenever I cannot be around my parents
I have a very good friend whom I have noticed does not tell me the truth , she cherry picks what she wants to tell me. I have also noticed that she doesn't call me unless I call. What got me so upset what was she did the last time I called her. She got me off the phone in a matter of seconds saying that she will call back , but never did. I felt so dejected and promised never to call her back again.
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
I feel hopeless. Sometimes I just want to end my life. It isn't worth it.
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
I've been experiencing repeated romantic rejections from potential mates.
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
I'm really nervous about my finals coming up. I want to do well!
I recently faced a breakup with my partner..
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
COVID-19 made me lose my beautiful job which I admire a lot and I am searching for another one which is not fort coming. Please what can I do now?
I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
Work is extremely stressful. I work 12 hour days and I feel like I have no time to do the things I like.
I want to move out of my state with my boyfriend and I think I would want to leave earlier than May. How do I tell him?
my dog died recently
My colleagues are always talking about me behind
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
Just failed a huge test in my class and may not graduate this semester
It is finals week and i have a lot to do. I have been having bad dreams about my grades and future.
my friend has a new friend
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
I feel I am getting looked over for a promotion/raise at work and it is causing anxiety and fear that I don’t have longevity at my company and that I’m not being valued.
Fear of losing my job
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
The person ghosted me after we had an argument and I am really upset about it.
daily stresses
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
Misunderstanding with friend
my best friend became phys-co and torturing all his friends by blackmailing all photos with him.he started with me also i got so much fear and issues
I can not hang out with my friends due to COVID-19. I miss them a lot but they are high risk.
Friends do not want to hang out due to pandemic
I am worried I do not play the politics game well enough for the growth I want.
I keep putting of my work because I'm afraid i'll fail at it. I just need to process the data, but I don't know why I keep putting it off. I feel angry at myself
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
I have finals coming up and I'm very nervous for them.
Raising grandson and he is being very difficult and not listening. I also have a lot of medical issues that limit my abilities. And my grandson's father is no help, he just drops him off and leaves, never asks if need anything or how I am doing.
My boyfriend broke up with me because he didn't want a relationship with someone who had kids.
Lost my job and unable to find the new on
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
I just feel generally down.
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
Not really succeeding in college
I want to hangout with friends but I don't have the motivation
nothing i do pleases my boss
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
It is the anniversary of my fiance's death. I am having extreme depression and saddness.
My three years relationship ended last week , he betrayed me he had another affair , we discussed and break up . He misused my credit card he took my all money. he spreading fake news about me in social media.
Pressures from my parent to be the top of the class
I am self employed, and my job is at a halt due to covid 19. I am very anxious about when i will be able to return to work, and my current financial situation
Losing Job
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
A coworker feels that I am discriminating against her because I give corrective feedback on procedures she is doing wrong. There have been numerous occasions of her wrongdoing.
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
I'm really nervous about my finals coming up. I want to do well!
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
I have to give a presentation at work after completing a course and am fearful as I've had a bad experience in the past
i was talking with another my partner have seen that incident
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
daily stresses
Due to this pandemic, I am worry for my future. Especially my job stability.
I work in the night. I have to sleep in the day. This is for throughout the year. I strive for sound sleeping. I become depressed of insufficient sleeping.
I work a dead end job.
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
related to the current pandemic
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
New boss who is difficult
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
A co-worker continues to usurp my authority and interfere with my duties / responsibilities.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
friends trying to let me down
Depression about pandemic
Ilost my home when my partner died. He had changed the will and I didn't know.
I recently made a mistake at work that I could get in trouble for, and I am nervous to approach my manager about my mistake.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
i have an exam coming up and i have not studied and its too late to cover the course work
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
My best friend of 5 years said they hated me.
i have no friends
I have had a lady who has been a friend for one year now. We have been in good terms until recently when she no longer has time for me and she does not explain the reason for the same. I have scheduled several meetings but she turns down my request every time. I dont know what to do at such a time when i need her support the most.
I've been experiencing repeated romantic rejections from potential mates.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
I want to break up with my partner who ive been married to for 6 years with a 5 year old child
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
i talk with my friendship
realizing im almost done with current degree
police shootings of unarmed black people
I am unable to work at my job anymore due to a poor supervisor who made my work much more difficult.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about finding a new one.
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
My school is extremely rigorous and I'm experiencing difficulty with anxiety
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
EVER SINCE THIS PANDEMIC HAS EMERGED IT JUST SEEMS LIKE THINGS HAVE BEEN GOING DOWN INSTEAD OF UP. PRIOR TO THE PANDEMIC, I HAD A JOB OF 10 YEARS, CHILDREN WERE GROWING INTO TEENAGERS, AND THE HUSBAND WAS OUT OF TOWN WORKING AS HE HAS DONE OUR ENTIRE 21 YEAR MARRIAGE. WELL SINCE THE PANDEMIC, I WAS IMMEDIATELY LET GO AT WORK. THE TEENAGERS WERE SCENTENCED TO DITIGITAL LEARNING AND MY HUSBAND DID EVERYTHING HE COULD POSSIBLY DO TO HOLD THE ONLY JOB AND INCOME THE WAS COMING INTO THE HOME. BUT EVENTUALLY JUST A MONTH AGO THAT WAS TAKEN OUT FROM UNDER US AS WELL. I DIDNT MIND NOT WORKING ALTHOUGH IT WAS AN ESCAPE FROM MY MOTHERLY DUTIES AND THE REALITY OF BEING A FULL TIME WIFE. BUT NOW THAT WE HAVE REACHED JUST OVER A YEAR OF THE PANDEMIC IT HAS BROKEN ME DOWN IN SO MANY WAYS IT FEELS LIKE. THE WHOLE YEAR WITH JUST THE HUSBAND WORKING WEVE STRUGGLED TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE AND PAY THE MONTHLY EXPENSES THAT COME WITH THE ADULT LIFE AND NOW IM A MESS
I have been feeling like my friends don't like me and it's making me feel bad.
I am supposed to be getting married overseas but I cannot because of the border policy due to COVID
I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
My grandfather's brother passed away a few days ago and I'm depressed because of it.
I am afraid of receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I feel that worried about my finances as I am tapping into my savings to feel afloat.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
always being asked to do things and help , and no one is here for me
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
I can't fall asleep as my mind races at night
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
My job is based on demand and the current economic state makes less demand.
I recently made a mistake at work that I could get in trouble for, and I am nervous to approach my manager about my mistake.
Broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. Now I feel lonely.
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
My company just laid off 5%. I fear I will be next. Anxiety is at all time highs.
My (ex)fiancé and I recently broke up, but we're still spending a great deal of time together, and we both say we're not sure if our relationship is 100% "done" and agreed to tell each other if we start dating other people. He said he doesn't want to see anyone else, but I came over one night to find him with a woman. It was their third date.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
I am having trouble getting over the loss of a friendship that was important to me. I was very close to someone who acted as though he was my best friend but secretly didn't care for me at all. Eventually he told me so, and every time I think about it it feels like a punch in the stomach, even years later.
I am scared to leave my town, I got new job in California
Not being able to see family and friends due to Covid.
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
My partner and I decided to part ways due to cheating and I have completely lost trust in any MEN out there now. I feel super helpless and need some advice and support.
I decided to separate from my husband after finding myself incredibly unhappy.
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
During the past 2.5 years I have been sober, my mentor along the way turned into my very best friend and now the love of my life...but I am married, and so is she...and I have absolutely no one i can talk to now about this.
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
I became a single mother last year and am battling with postpartum depression. I thought I would enjoy being a mother more. But I am unhappy.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
recently i lost my job
I have nobody in my life that supports me. No purpose to my life. My husband treats me like dirt. I am just so frustrated with being sad all the time but just when I think it is looking up, I get knocked down again.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
My partner broke up with me and I'm really upset about this we've been together for 4 years and all of a sudden they decided that they didn't want to continue the relationship
my fiance and I broke up last week
I can not hang out with my friends due to COVID-19. I miss them a lot but they are high risk.
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
Husband left me for someone else.
I have finals coming up soon and I also have a lot of other stuff going on in my life and I am very stressed.
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
My manager does not respect COVID guidelines or protect my safety.
Depressed due to a breakup
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
lost my job and will be living on the streets in 2 days
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
My best friend of 5 years said they hated me.
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
I feel like I am not doing my job very well and that my co workers can tell that I suck at my job and are possibly conspiring against me.
Why do I always get the worst teachers? It makes school so hard in general.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
just can not get out of a bad mood
I am falling in love with a friend who doesn't return any feelings like this.
I am always in the mood of depression. I thought every thing going to be happen to me in wrong way
I am depressed staying at home due to COVID.
I am on short term disability and I am afraid I will lose my job if I don't go back soon.
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
My job is based on demand and the current economic state makes less demand.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
I am drinkin beers almost every day
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
daily stresses
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
I just have no energy and feel helpless about current events.
Hello. My baby of 11 years had passed away last week. This would be my pomeranian and I am devastated. I am fearful now of getting another puppy during Corona.
Quit job due to stress. Trying to find a good job that is remote and not soul numbing has been hard. I just want to be a stay at home person. I have anxiety about job search.
I was pulled off of a project I had been on for 6 months. Last week I was transferred to a new team and all of the hard work I had put in for 6 months was given to another engineer to finish. The reason I was given was that my skills would be better used on this other team because they were behind on their project.
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
I miss my girlfriend so much and she left me for my best friend.
covid 19 issues
I recently made a mistake at work that I could get in trouble for, and I am nervous to approach my manager about my mistake.
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
I have a horrible professor that has not adapted to technology well for COVID. There is one week left and he just assigned a major lab to do at home out of nowhere.He's also horrible at communicating.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
My ex-partner told me yesterday that after being engaged for almost a year, he no longer wants to marry me and he moved out.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
I have a large test and don't feel prepared
My partner broke up with me. He cheated on me.
i was furloughed
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
thinking about what classes are best to take in order to get a job
I'm frustrated with Covid, having family issues, and I'm the caregiver for my disabled sister. Plus the holidays have been cancelled and so I'm just pretty anxious and depressed.
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
My fiance and I are splitting up after 5 years and I feel like I'm starting over again.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
The pandemic is causing my company to close. I am now going to be searching for a job in a saturated market!
COVID-19 has changed the way we learn and the last year has been really difficult. I don't feel as connected in my classes and I plan to apply to grad school. I don't know how this will affect me as I begin to think about programs to apply to next year.
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
Have an essay due Monday and haven’t even finished the lessons. I feel like I shouldn’t be doing this degree
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
my boss cut my pay to save his bonus this year
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
It is the anniversary of my fiance's death. I am having extreme depression and saddness.
Every day is a struggle, I wake up feeling hopeless, and I am having really bad anxiety attacks that I can't calm down from.
I have no motivation to finish my work assignments
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
I am depressed because my girlfriend is thinking about leaving me.
I just got my job and I heard they have to let people go because business is slow.
COVID-19 made me lose my beautiful job which I admire a lot and I am searching for another one which is not fort coming. Please what can I do now?
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday. I had been with her for years and now living life without her feels heart breaking.
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
I am suffering from health anxiety and staying home and aftiad of going out
I am scared that all of my academic accomplishments will amount to nothing
Covid-19 has made me more depressed i miss being outside, traveling, hanging with my friends and be happy.
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
effects of the pandemic
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
Conflict with parents
Lost my job in the lockdown
I lost my job and very distressed about it
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
i am breaked with my lover
police shootings of unarmed black people
I have anxiety to leave my families,
My school is extremely rigorous and I'm experiencing difficulty with anxiety
I cannot paint at art school
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
MY Son-in-Law is treating our daughter and Grandaughter indifferent, gaslighting and treats the dog better.
My son had heart surgery this year and is in the midst of being diagnosed with CP. I work with a lot of people and am terrified I could catch COVID and it will kill him.
I have a huge test coming up soon and I don't think I am ready for it.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
My husband abandoned me and my kids
The partiality in my work place and the favorability to people who hardly work but always say "yes" to my manager's say.
I have to repeat one of my classes over winter break, but I have plans with family. I will lose my scholarship if i dont pass
My sister-in-law is a horrible person, and she's harrassing me for jewelery from my mom, who just died.
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
I experience sleepless nights so frequently since I lost my best friend due to Covid 19. I keep on having memories we had growing up together. When I think about this things I cannot sleep sometimes for an entire night.
I broke up with my partner because she was constantly neglecting me. She showed little interest in doing things together and I had enough of trying to please her. She ends up with a new guy just two weeks later.
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
My friends won't hang out with me
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
I battle depression and recently my regular meds just aren't helping. I am exhausted morning to night and have no interest or enjoyment in anything I do.
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
I can not seem to find a job no matter how hard I try. My last job was cut short because of all the pandemic restrictions. I'm so depressed.
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
I have finals coming up and I am afraid I an not smart enough to pass
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
Ive gained some weight after having my kids. I havent been able to lose or go below 150. so nothing fits, or nothing looks good on me anymore. and i feel thats why my boyfriend doesnt compliment me ever or make me feel wanted at all.
My (ex)fiancé and I recently broke up, but we're still spending a great deal of time together, and we both say we're not sure if our relationship is 100% "done" and agreed to tell each other if we start dating other people. He said he doesn't want to see anyone else, but I came over one night to find him with a woman. It was their third date.
I have a co worker that keeps going behind my back and trying to get things done without me knowing it.
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
For the last few weeks everything is an effort. I just can't get motivated. Why clean the house it will just get messed up again and no one else cares. I feel bad for my dog I don't even take him for walks anymore. Things that usually cheer me up or make me happy just seem pointless. No matter how hard I try I get nowhere. I just want to sleep until these feelings go away if they ever do
I am mad at my professor for giving me a 0 on a test.
I have a lot of academic pressure from my program and I'm not receiving any help from my advisors.
cant get araise but rent went up
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
I've recently lost my job due to the covid situation and my funds are dwindling by the day while we've been out into another lockdown
I worried if I will be able to complete my degree.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
My roommate says she wants me to move out.
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
I've recently lost my job due to the covid situation and my funds are dwindling by the day while we've been out into another lockdown
I recently found out that my best friend has lied to me about her whole life, and when I invited to my home she finally told me the truth after staying for a month ad we were fighting for the entire month she stayed.
My girlfriend broke up with me because of race.
I broke up with my ex partner and found out they cheated on me
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
I've been really struggling lately with how much everything has changed during the pandemic. the holidays don't feel the same
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
My mom died almost 2 years ago. Due to anxiety, i have a long term boyfriend but no other friends so i was pretty close with my mom. i miss her desperately
I think that i am gaining weight and hard as i try I can not keep it off and i am getting vry put down.
I've dealt with a lot of stress lately, even before the covid 19 was even heard of. It's ongoing now. I have even more now.
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
lost my job and will be living on the streets in 2 days
I was used as a rebound for someone that I thought I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
Moved to a new location and haven't met any new friends and now with Covid it is impossible.
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
Since covid I havent been doing as well in school. I'm very upset and ashamed at my self
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
I am battling with letting my past childhood trauma effect my relationship and the raising of my child.
I was in a complicated relationship with a girl I really loved. She told me she needed space and did not want to talk much then 3 days later she told me that we were done. This came out of nowhere and was shocking. It left me very sad and depressed.
Family disharmony, young niece having to witness a lot of verbal fighting.
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
I've been really struggling lately with how much everything has changed during the pandemic. the holidays don't feel the same
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
I was in the store and there were two other women. They were whispering to each other and looking at me. I could hear a couple words and they were making fun of my hair and the way I dress. People just don't accept me. It's hard to feel so different.
masters degree
my fiance and I broke up last week
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
I let the best lady in the world get away from me.
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
I keep failing my tests
Fear of layoff from work
I don't have enough money to pay bills. I am so scared. I need help.
I tested positive for Covid.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
I am self employed, and my job is at a halt due to covid 19. I am very anxious about when i will be able to return to work, and my current financial situation
There is an event that happened about 5 years ago that I think started this emotion for me.It is ongoing and has affected all parts of my life.
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
This time is too hard for me fine a jobs which require me to search and get pay for unemployment.
It is not well to do better information for gather with my friends and they irritated me.
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
I was in a relationship with the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen or been with. We have been dating for about 3 years and I was planning on spending the rest of my life with her. But I eventually lost her and everything all in a matter of months.
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
lose job
Christmas is coming up and I've been having a terrible time finding a job.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
I think I've drifted apart from a friend I've known since college because of the pandemic. We rarely communicate and the last time we did she tells me about the things she has been doing with her NEW friends.
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
A friend keeps talking lies
I am depressed due to covid pandemic.
I am worried about failing my college math exams and being kicked out of school.
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
Constant pain from back problems.
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
I have a very stressful meeting tomorrow morning. I'm feeling nervous and anxious about it.
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
Due to COVID-19 I can not focus on studies and can't fine help
finals
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
My mother told me that she hurt her knee and can not work.
I am scared that all of my academic accomplishments will amount to nothing
EVER SINCE THIS PANDEMIC HAS EMERGED IT JUST SEEMS LIKE THINGS HAVE BEEN GOING DOWN INSTEAD OF UP. PRIOR TO THE PANDEMIC, I HAD A JOB OF 10 YEARS, CHILDREN WERE GROWING INTO TEENAGERS, AND THE HUSBAND WAS OUT OF TOWN WORKING AS HE HAS DONE OUR ENTIRE 21 YEAR MARRIAGE. WELL SINCE THE PANDEMIC, I WAS IMMEDIATELY LET GO AT WORK. THE TEENAGERS WERE SCENTENCED TO DITIGITAL LEARNING AND MY HUSBAND DID EVERYTHING HE COULD POSSIBLY DO TO HOLD THE ONLY JOB AND INCOME THE WAS COMING INTO THE HOME. BUT EVENTUALLY JUST A MONTH AGO THAT WAS TAKEN OUT FROM UNDER US AS WELL. I DIDNT MIND NOT WORKING ALTHOUGH IT WAS AN ESCAPE FROM MY MOTHERLY DUTIES AND THE REALITY OF BEING A FULL TIME WIFE. BUT NOW THAT WE HAVE REACHED JUST OVER A YEAR OF THE PANDEMIC IT HAS BROKEN ME DOWN IN SO MANY WAYS IT FEELS LIKE. THE WHOLE YEAR WITH JUST THE HUSBAND WORKING WEVE STRUGGLED TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE AND PAY THE MONTHLY EXPENSES THAT COME WITH THE ADULT LIFE AND NOW IM A MESS
I recently lost my grandmother and today grief came out of nowhere for the first time in a few weeks. Feeling very down.
Misunderstanding with friend
My boyfriend broke up with me and he had control of all our expenses and now im broke and dont have a place to stay so I feel really depressed
police shootings of unarmed black people
no specific event to describe
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
My friend didn't like it that he dumped me. She told him he was an idiot to do that.
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
fighting with my husband all the time and not seeing eye to eye. felling unwanted and unloved
My industry shut down due to Covid-19 and I am currently seeking work but very financially behind and stresed about it.
I am in a crisis over my employer not having enough money to pay me. It is really causing me to be fearful.
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
Constantly arguing with my best friend, we never see eye to eye on important things on my life.
just everyday life
when i met myb coworkers in job and they have not done has we had agreed , i get bored and irritated the whole day with negative mood due to the dissapointment they did not met the requirements we had set to attain by set date aside
I'm so sad all the time.
Being unemployed, working online and barely paying the bills. Between rent, food bills. I am barely getting by. Some weeks can't even afford food shopping. So I live off a big bag of rice and pasta and beans. Not even $200 a month is left after bills.
I'm angry at my mother, she never seems to understand me and always criticize everything I do whether good or bad.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
After a 2 years of relationship i broke up with my girlfriend. So she packed up her stuff and move away
I feel like I am not doing my job very well and that my co workers can tell that I suck at my job and are possibly conspiring against me.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
I am afraid of receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I feel that worried about my finances as I am tapping into my savings to feel afloat.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
I am suffering from health anxiety and staying home and aftiad of going out
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
I am scared that all of my academic accomplishments will amount to nothing
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
My mind is consumed by depression
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for my job.
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
I recently lost my job and I am worried that i will not able to pay my bills. This situation is making me anger.
My friends just not having my back and just not pulling their weight when it comes to paying for stuff. For example, they expect me to pay for everything when we go out to dinner or even go to the bar. Any type of activity they will be
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
I did not study and did poorly on a test.
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
Not being able to visit parents for Thanksgiving because of Covid.
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
My friend started posting on his wall that he believes that Democrats cheated on the election. I had known him for over 20 years and I don't know if I can trust him every again.
nothing i do pleases my boss
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
recently i lost my job
I have to give up my parrot because I am now blind and have to move. I cant take teh parrot with me.
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
I have no job
Since the pandemic started my once strong friendships have become weak. we barely talk. Even my daughters God mother is not as present. I am unsure how to fortified those connections.
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
Recently divorced my husband of eight years after finding out he married another women overseas.
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
My close friend committed a mistake. I truly informed her and argued to rectify the mistake. But she opposed and tried to avoid me and she scolded me more. Moreover she told all our friends that I am doing jealously and it was irritating her. This event make me very depressed.
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
finals
lack of job has been a problem
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
With everything going on, my depression has taking a turn for the worst.
It is the anniversary of my fiance's death. I am having extreme depression and saddness.
facing a breakup with the partner..
My friend is dating a man who is a drug addict and she doesn't understand why I won't hang out with the two of them.
I broke up with my boyfriend and that really depressed me because we have been together for like a long time. I feel very sad and alone. I actually feel like I can't go on with it.
I am sad about finding out my boyfriend broke up with me because he saw where I came from .
I learned that my friend's husband was shot and killed over a drug deal. He was high at the time. My daughter carpools with his daughter every day and he was often the driver. Was he high when he was driving her around? I don't know how to act around my friend. Did she know?
I thought I was going to marry my girlfriend but then she ended up cheating on me. It broke my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust a girl again.
I just lost my job and am worried about paying the bills.
I have been out of work and my father passed now we have to move to a smaller house and I am my mothers care giver
I don't like any of my friends. In fact, I don't think I like anyone.
My thesis is due tomorrow and we have to do an individual presentation about our topics. I feel prepared but I know one professor that knows she intimidates me. I am just a nervous wreck.
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
my dog died recently
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
I am in the middle of job hunting but it has been very difficult to find one during the pandemic. This really upsets me.
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
I just don't really feel enthused about anything right now. I feel like I can't make any future plans, and that I don't have anything to look forward to.
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
I'm really nervous about my finals coming up. I want to do well!
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
i broke up with my partner and am feeling like i should even commit suiside, i was played a fool
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
i cheated on her
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
I am battling with letting my past childhood trauma effect my relationship and the raising of my child.
I've been experiencing repeated romantic rejections from potential mates.
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
Since getting a new job I feel like I'm constantly trying to prove myself. I measure myself against other people and just don't feel I'm good enough I'm having a real issue with my confidence at the moment
Conflict with parents
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
Iam feeling very sadness after breaking up with my girlfriend.
My industry has been shut down since March due to covid-19 and I've been struggling to find work that is safe for me to do (I have asthma and a blood disorder that compromises my immune system), haven't had any success with unemployment and really just very stressed about money.
my husband cheated on me and i want to divirce him
I wanted to start having sex with other women from the Internet and my wife would not allow it.
related to the current pandemic
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
Self isolation due to the pandemic. Home with the kids alone every day.
I am worried I do not play the politics game well enough for the growth I want.
MY Son-in-Law is treating our daughter and Grandaughter indifferent, gaslighting and treats the dog better.
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
I have to give an important presentation for my academic career and I am stressed about public speaking and my ability to give a coherent presentation
School has been putting a lot of pressure on me recently. Especially with finals going on.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
Fear of losing my job
I just woke up and felt sad and I cannot shake the feeling and I just want to cry and never leave bed
I need to make more money right now to support myself, But I love my job and I am scared to leave it. And start over.
i left my job, and moved across the country without another job lined up. it's been 3 months since i have worked. and this is compounded by a lot of feelings of loss and grieving as i left a job of 8 years.
I feel I am failing in my graduate program. I feel that I am not good enough to earn my doctorate degree.
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
I recently split up with my boyfriend and I am regretting it.
I'm frustrated with Covid, having family issues, and I'm the caregiver for my disabled sister. Plus the holidays have been cancelled and so I'm just pretty anxious and depressed.
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
Not sure how to explain that I want out of marriage
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed
just everyday life
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
Depression about pandemic
Ive been trying to get with some of friends to hang out maybe just for a couple hours just to catch up. But no-one seems like they want to be bothered due to covid. But the other day I called this particularly person and she said that they were all out having lunch, So why wasn't I included?
Ive been trying to get with some of friends to hang out maybe just for a couple hours just to catch up. But no-one seems like they want to be bothered due to covid. But the other day I called this particularly person and she said that they were all out having lunch, So why wasn't I included?
Lay off from the job
lost my job and will be living on the streets in 2 days
Lay off from the job
I've been so blessed to have such a great job but thanks to Corona, my works has come to a screeching halt. I'm so anxious because I don't know when my next check will be or for how much. The pressure and stress is almost too much.
covid
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
I failed my Finals and now I am on academic probation. I am afraid I will be expelled.
High expectations at work and little time to complete them
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
My supervisor recently resigned from my organization and I am worried that I cannot step up and fill her role. I want that role too!
My close friend died because of Covid-19 last month, it bothers me a lot and i constantly feel depression.
My partner said he loved me and led me on. Then he went to cheat on me after one year of pretending he truly loved me. I am so sad and lonely and he is always with friends. It just isn't fair.
loss of job
My boyfriend broke up with me in a facebook story. He won't tell me why. He won't return my calls or answer my messages. I think it is because I posted something (innocent) that made him jealous. But he is being so cruel. He posts many sad songs to make it seem like he is so hurt by me, but he won't even speak with me. I can't eat or sleep. I'm losing my mind.
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I lost my job in January. Because of my health, I am afraid of taking a job outside home. So I am trying to make money on MTurk and YouTube.
I seem to be failing my senior project by no fault of mine or very little fault of mine and proffessors do not want to hear about it.
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
We've been together for a long time and he decided to call it quits.
i just broke up with my girlfriend last week. I found her cheating
i was talking with another my partner have seen that incident
My boy friend left me for nothing, I tried to ask for explanation but i won't get any thing , make me depressed and felt alone.
I have this certification program I took about two years ago that allowed me to be marketable out there and it's about to expire. I'm currently under pressure to retake the certification and I'm not quite ready. I will loose my license if I don't , time is running out and I currently feel lost in the predicament I have found myself.
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
Nothing special just an ongoing thing i've been dealing with since my daughter was born.
I am in a deep depression, have no friends or family to talk to. I also started drinking
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
I have lost my job, and my entire industry has been shut down due to Covid-19, and I am struggling to find work that is safe for me to do from home.
My aunt died a week ago who was 90. Was very close to her.
Trying to get my own small crafting business off the ground.
i don't understand the course
Catching up with academic deadlines
My mom got in a serious accident and ever since, I have developed anxiety whenever I cannot be around my parents
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
I am extremely bored and under stimulated without being in school or working.
I lost my job and not sure how I will pay for rent.
One of my classes is extremely difficult and my professor is not responsive.
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
I can't fall asleep as my mind races at night
I was homeless. I had to leave a place I loved. It was mentally a bad state.
I LOVE MY FRIEND BUT TODAY FIGHT
Well we are at different places in our lives. My partner wants to leave to go to another state to be with her cousin. I want to stay around the family we have here already.
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
My sister-in-law is a horrible person, and she's harrassing me for jewelery from my mom, who just died.
There aren't any specific events currently happening to cause anxiety, it's more of an inability to turn off my brain. If there are issues in my life, I definitely overthink them and that causes a downward spiral into depression.
I messed up, my girl friend got pregnant two months to my wedding with my fiancée wedding
I can't figure out why my friends don't understand why I want to keep a bit distant during COVID
I am drinkin beers almost every day
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
My uncle passed away a couple of days ago and I have really been going through it because I have lost 5 other family members this year
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
we recently broke up and now i am very sad.
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
I battle depression and recently my regular meds just aren't helping. I am exhausted morning to night and have no interest or enjoyment in anything I do.
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
My uncle passed away a couple of days ago and I have really been going through it because I have lost 5 other family members this year
I am worry about lost the job during this pandemic.
covid 19 issues
I may lose a job
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
my team lead give me a assignment during holiday but i can't do that
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
I just can't seem to get motivated to do anything, I feel like I have nothing to live for.
I feel very bad to work on remotely. It sucks me and i cant anage the work life balance on this covid pandamic. It really hard to manage my time with my family and they expect more from us hence we are in work from home.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
Work is extremely stressful. I work 12 hour days and I feel like I have no time to do the things I like.
I was homeless. I had to leave a place I loved. It was mentally a bad state.
My ongoing depression is getting worse due to this pandemic.
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
COVID-19. has me needing people more.
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
I feel that my friends do not really like me much and do not want to meet me
Worried about my daughter abd her academic struggles. She has a genetic condition and some learning differences. Struggling to cope to work and do day to day things and give her as much support as she needs.
Depression is currently taking a toll on my life. This pandemic is stressing me out.
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
I am angry because I think my husband is controlling but he says I dont understand what controlling is
My husband and I are having a very difficult tine both working remotely during the corona virus and having two kids with us all day who are learning online. We are being interrupted daily and they tend to come to my office more-so than my husbands. He seems to think I can deal with this better and more efficiently but my work is just as important as his. We both make about the same income.
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
My account went into the negative this morning.
I was pulled off of a project I had been on for 6 months. Last week I was transferred to a new team and all of the hard work I had put in for 6 months was given to another engineer to finish. The reason I was given was that my skills would be better used on this other team because they were behind on their project.
I am depressed due to covid pandemic.
I feel like my friends don't care about me at all. When we get together all they want to do is talk about their lives. When I raise something that is bothering me they just make some trite response and then move back to what they want to talk about.
My friends are going out to the bar without me tonight.
My partner broke up with me. He cheated on me.
Not having enough money to pay my bills.
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
just down
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
Its really sad that with todays COVID crisis we are no longer able to enjoy daily normal life. We are not able to mingle and meet our family and friends. We are stuck in our homes during this unprecedented time.
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
I have been overloaded with school work recently. I failed my first exam earlier this week and I am stressed and anxious about my exams later in the week.
A coworker feels that I am discriminating against her because I give corrective feedback on procedures she is doing wrong. There have been numerous occasions of her wrongdoing.
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
trying to find a job in this town is almost impossible, it is either fast food, walmart, or if you know someone the chemical plants. i need to get out of the place i am in or i am going to go insane. i cant do that without more income.
i am very stressed at work so i have started to look for a new job but can't find anything
breakup with lover
A co-worker continues to usurp my authority and interfere with my duties / responsibilities.
I recently made a mistake at work that I could get in trouble for, and I am nervous to approach my manager about my mistake.
I am very depressed and despondent because my boyfriend broke up with me and it was right before the wedding. I am close to his family but they won't speak to me know. I am lost without him.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
The holiday season has me down
I have anxiety to leave my families,
ongoing depression every day . It s hard to even get out of bed
I have a horrible professor that has not adapted to technology well for COVID. There is one week left and he just assigned a major lab to do at home out of nowhere.He's also horrible at communicating.
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
Had a fight with friend.
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
I feel very bad to work on remotely. It sucks me and i cant anage the work life balance on this covid pandamic. It really hard to manage my time with my family and they expect more from us hence we are in work from home.
Some former friends of mine have remained friends with a person who abused me and stood up for them in court.
My dog died about a month ago and I've just been feeling very depressed. I can't move on yet.
i want to change my situation and improve but i am so depressed i don't have the energy to look for a job much less perform them adequately. on top of that my town has almost no jobs (2 thousand people in central Kansas)
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
I love my friends. But sometimes I feel as if I can't really be myself around them without being judged for doing something. I've known them for quite a long time now. I don't know if i am just being sensitive or what, but I feel like I'm the one that gets bullied in the friend group.
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
the current pandemic
I have a friend who is mad at me because I told her to pull up her mask while she was talking to me. She became very offended and actually started yelling at me as to how I am healthy and will live through Corona if I caught it. I reminded her about my family and other people but she is stubborn. She is just now starting to believe Corona is real.
My parents are always telling me I should be disciplining my children differently. Things are different than when they raised us.
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
My partners and I are not on the same terms. Need some emotional support.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
I have anxiety to leave my families,
I can't fall asleep as my mind races at night
Trying to complete my senior year
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
my kids wont listen to me
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
My company is cutting salaries next year because of the pandemic, with potential for layoffs
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
trying to find a job with good hours
I have a very stressful meeting tomorrow morning. I'm feeling nervous and anxious about it.
trying to find a job with good hours
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
Current partner cheated on me in the past and I think he is doing it again.
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
I have just lost my job, and am experiencing depression, as a result of financial worry.
My grandfather's brother passed away a few days ago and I'm depressed because of it.
pet died
I am unable to work at my job anymore due to a poor supervisor who made my work much more difficult.
I was scheduled to take my vacation after next week on Christmas week but due to some people quitting my boss suggested that I will have to work , I will not work because I already have plans but I am afraid that if I don’t work she will cut my hours when I come back
I have to repeat one of my classes over winter break, but I have plans with family. I will lose my scholarship if i dont pass
Worried about my daughter abd her academic struggles. She has a genetic condition and some learning differences. Struggling to cope to work and do day to day things and give her as much support as she needs.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
Basically the loneliness of the season and being forced to seclude because of the virus.
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
My job informed me that they will be reducing my hours and not extend my contract.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
My partner left me for another woman and I simply can't get over it
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
I have so much credit card debt and don't know how I am going to pay it off
there will be layoff to me
Have an essay due Monday and haven’t even finished the lessons. I feel like I shouldn’t be doing this degree
I have a large test and don't feel prepared
COVID-19 made me lose my beautiful job which I admire a lot and I am searching for another one which is not fort coming. Please what can I do now?
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
academic pressures
The partiality in my work place and the favorability to people who hardly work but always say "yes" to my manager's say.
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
I have a very stressful meeting tomorrow morning. I'm feeling nervous and anxious about it.
i cheated on her
effects of the pandemic
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
the pandemic
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
This pandemic has me depressed everyday and the drugs are not helping, before something else happens to me or I do something stupid, help.....
I am getting a divorce. My ex is fighting a lot over child support and visitation.
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
Having a lot going on in life and school and feeling very stressed.
I'm bummed about my employer cutting my pay
My job shut down due to COVID and I've lost a lot of income.
i lost job in covid ,i lost my home due to unpaid of mortgage ..full in stress how to pay homeloans and how to get new job in this covid situations
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
Quarantine keeps going on and on.
need for good grades
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
Due to this pandemic, I fear for my job.
trying to find a job in this town is almost impossible, it is either fast food, walmart, or if you know someone the chemical plants. i need to get out of the place i am in or i am going to go insane. i cant do that without more income.
I have to give up my parrot because I am now blind and have to move. I cant take teh parrot with me.
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
I was pulled off of a project I had been on for 6 months. Last week I was transferred to a new team and all of the hard work I had put in for 6 months was given to another engineer to finish. The reason I was given was that my skills would be better used on this other team because they were behind on their project.
I just found out that my job has to make cuts and layoffs, and I am worried about my job and my colleague's jobs.
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
I was fired.
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
I don't know if I should continue with school right now and I am having a hard time making the decision.
I am qualified for a promotion but my boss won't promote me
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I am afraid of how my parents will react when I tell them that I am not going to attend the holidays
My job informed me that they will be reducing my hours and not extend my contract.
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
I am extremely bored and under stimulated without being in school or working.
I have been struggling since I lost my job. I have been on the lookout for a new job, tried doing menial jobs just to get by, but nothing seems to be available.
I miss my girlfriend, I feel I have no one in my life.
I cheated on my boyfriend and I don't want to tell him. I feel really bad because he is a great person.
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
there will be layoff to me
I had a situation which is actually forced me to break up with my partner. It gives me pain. However I strongly believed that my partner would feel about this. But he just took it easy. This hurts me a lot.
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
my dog died recently
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
I just found out that my job has to make cuts and layoffs, and I am worried about my job and my colleague's jobs.
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
I have a friend who is mad at me because I told her to pull up her mask while she was talking to me. She became very offended and actually started yelling at me as to how I am healthy and will live through Corona if I caught it. I reminded her about my family and other people but she is stubborn. She is just now starting to believe Corona is real.
I just feel generally down.
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
I'm stressed about my final grades and ongoing pressure to do well academically. I don't know how to motivate myself, as I'm too afraid of the outcome.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for another one at this time.
lost my job and will be living on the streets in 2 days
impending academic deadlines
Staying home with my children instead of going to work is making me anxious.
I have anxiety to leave my families,
I applied with a lot of companies and never hear back. I need money for the holidays.
I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not because we are fighting a lot
My friend created a separate chat for planning hangouts and did not include me.
I feel depressed. I hate the holidays. I don't want to pretend to be happy around my family for christmas.
I've been studying very hard for this class, but I have been performing very poorly. This is the first time I have done this bad and I just feel so incompetent. Nothing I do seems to work.
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
My son has bipolar disorder and he is only 9. He has delusions and has lost his mind for a month now. He is in the hospital and I am terrified he won't get it back. He has delusions and I'm worried.
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
My mental health (innatentive ADHD) cannot be properly medicated with the recommended medication because of an underlying heart condition. Causing a low mood.
in this covid time , my job in trouble .I tested covid positive and unble to attended my office hours fro 2 months .My manager thought i joined another company but i was not yet all healthy to do any job .And i became pregnant in this covid time .I scaring how can i handle baby and job .I need much money but my manager not agree to give job
Work at restaurant as assistant manager. Manager got fired and company asked me to take over position without a pay raise then skipped the promotion and hired a new manager.
My boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him.
I have been feeling kinda down lately since my pet died. I miss her so much.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
I recently faced a breakup with my partner..
The holiday season has me down
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
just can not get out of a bad mood
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
crippling homework and procrastination i cant keep up in class
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
I lost my job 4 month ago and I am running out of money.
My friends won't hang out with me
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
I'm breaking up with my partner tomorrow and I'm so anxious.
overall daily stresses
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I am fighting with my parents because I am 17 and have just began my first relationship and my parents have grounded me after finding out that I am dating before the age of 18
found out my fiance was cheating on me
I've dealt with a lot of stress lately, even before the covid 19 was even heard of. It's ongoing now. I have even more now.
I think I've drifted apart from a friend I've known since college because of the pandemic. We rarely communicate and the last time we did she tells me about the things she has been doing with her NEW friends.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
pet died
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
Not sure if I should go back to school during covid. IT would be remote so physically there is no danger.
I'm angry at my mother, she never seems to understand me and always criticize everything I do whether good or bad.
I feel like my employees are working against me.
I TALK WITH MY FRIENDSHIP
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
Ilost my home when my partner died. He had changed the will and I didn't know.
Trying to find a job
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not because we are fighting a lot
I want to move out of my state with my boyfriend and I think I would want to leave earlier than May. How do I tell him?
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I have been getting low grades lately and am scared I will be thrown out of my University.
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
Conflict with parents
Misunderstanding with friend
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
i keep feeling as though i'm not doing well. i have a job but i don't seem to be very good at it and i don't want to lose it. i am fearful that i will
My friend created a separate chat for planning hangouts and did not include me.
I failed my Finals and now I am on academic probation. I am afraid I will be expelled.
I am currently studying for an exam that I need to do for work.
I have been feeling lost and directionless and I feel like I'm a waste of time and space. I don't know what to do with my life and I hate myself.
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
I am retired, but really need to go back to work to earn some extra money. My problem is that it is very difficult physically for me to wear a mask for longer than a few moments. In this time of COVID, I have no choice in the matter. It is causing me anxiety because I need the income.
I drank too much and don't remember what happened last night.
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
I am angry because my friend judged me for not buying my nephew a birthday gift.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
I fear that I will not have a job next year, at the beginning of the year. My emotions are in survival mode and I do not want to do anything or buy anything from this fear
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
I am so scared of going out and finding a job due to Covid 19 but I need to work right now . my bills are piling up
My friend started posting on his wall that he believes that Democrats cheated on the election. I had known him for over 20 years and I don't know if I can trust him every again.
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
My friend decided to leave her husband to pursue a woman and I don't support her.
I am losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for work right now
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
I see a text message from my ex-wife's phone that states "you look sexier now that you did this morning." I was the major sign that my marriage was in trouble and why would my wife cheat on me.
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
I am depressed and always angry. I lose my temper and say racist things to people, and am miserable to be around. I got mad at my father inlaw for talking badly about President Trump on Thanksgiving, and I called everyone "a bunch of nigger lovers" and stormed out of the house. Been angry ever since.
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
New boss who is difficult
Pressures from my parent to be the top of the class
staying at home with kids and stopping outside work
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I failed my Finals and now I am on academic probation. I am afraid I will be expelled.
The holiday season has me down
My friends won't hang out with me
pandemic and family stress
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
finals
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore
I can't go on a day without having a glass of alcohol
I am retired, but really need to go back to work to earn some extra money. My problem is that it is very difficult physically for me to wear a mask for longer than a few moments. In this time of COVID, I have no choice in the matter. It is causing me anxiety because I need the income.
My company is making people redundant and I am stressed.
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
cant get araise but rent went up
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
we recently broke up and now i am very sad.
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
My company just laid off 5%. I fear I will be next. Anxiety is at all time highs.
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
The fact that my job does not take my health seriously
Covid isolation has brought me down; i am used to socializing and traveling. i live alone, so my options are limited
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
Recently divorced my husband of eight years after finding out he married another women overseas.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
My partner left me for another woman and I simply can't get over it
i worry that they will never stop pressuring me to go back to work. even though i have a disability that keeps me from doing that. the thought of talking about it makes me feel major anxiety
I am really good at self-isolating. I am in a new area and do not really have any friends nor really have the want from most people. Though I do feel lonely at times.
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
Had an issue with my wife concerning my drinking habits where she complained that I had of late been drinking soo much. There was a confrontation that almost led to a breakup and now we are not talking. The situation is serious
I am having lot of stress due to my upcoming exams.
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
I work in the night. I have to sleep in the day. This is for throughout the year. I strive for sound sleeping. I become depressed of insufficient sleeping.
Need a second job to pay off credit card bills
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
I am just starting school & i feel like i not smart enough to graduate
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
Not really succeeding in college
My boyfriend left me after I confronted him about cheating on me. He admitted to cheating and was happy I knew. Then he told me he had been trying to figure out how to leave me and I now made it easy for him.
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
I'm feeling very lonely lately and I don't have many friends to turn to. This makes me sad because I've always had only a few friends but now they have families and kids and I feel more alone than ever.
My best friend is addicted to meth
stree leads to depression
Since the pandemic started my once strong friendships have become weak. we barely talk. Even my daughters God mother is not as present. I am unsure how to fortified those connections.
It is finals week at my college and I am very anxious about it.
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
there will be layoff to me
My ex-boyfriend and I decided to split after 6 years and we are also deciding who will be moving from our shared apartment.
I am upset with my best friend over the results of the election. We generally agree not to discuss politics, but the controversy over Biden's win over Trump has us split. I am angry that she keeps bringing it up.
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
I am severely stressed about my college course and my grades during the pandemic.
Depression about pandemic
I have just broken up with my girlfriend
I lost my job due to the fact my employer could not make a medical exemption for me. My wife works part-time now but I need to try to make money on the side so I can watch my daughter.
I am worried about losing my job due to COVID
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
I lost my aun a couple weeks ago
worried about losing my job
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
I feel like I am not doing my job very well and that my co workers can tell that I suck at my job and are possibly conspiring against me.
I recently split up with my boyfriend and I am regretting it.
My partners and I are not on the same terms. Need some emotional support.
Conflict with parents
nothing i do pleases my boss
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
I fear disappointing my parents.
i want to change my situation and improve but i am so depressed i don't have the energy to look for a job much less perform them adequately. on top of that my town has almost no jobs (2 thousand people in central Kansas)
Me and my girlfriend got into a fight over holiday break that I thought could be fixed but instead ended up in us breaking up
covid 19 issues
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
My kids are driving me crazy now that we are all having to work and school our kids from home. My husband and I both work from home now because of Corona. My 15 year old boy and 8 year old girl argue after they finish schooling and my husband and I are still working. It is starting to interrupt the quality of our work, Any suggestions? They are going crazy since the emergence of the Corona Virus.
End of job contract
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
I have 6 finals that are coming up soon, and i need to do well in order to have a good GPA for medical school
College finals are next week and I have been sic so I gave them been able to study like I wanted to.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
I dont know what to do with out her.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
My fiance and I are splitting up after 5 years and I feel like I'm starting over again.
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
Catching up with academic deadlines
I went and spent so much money on xmas gifts and now I don't know how I can pay the credit cards off
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
COVID-19 has changed the way we learn and the last year has been really difficult. I don't feel as connected in my classes and I plan to apply to grad school. I don't know how this will affect me as I begin to think about programs to apply to next year.
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
I have a job that does not fulfill my goals for myself. I used to love my job but coronavirus has made it hard to enjoy. It is frequent that I have nothing to do and instead sit at my desk and think about all the other things I could do.
I lost my job.
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
My friend didn't like it that he dumped me. She told him he was an idiot to do that.
Self isolation due to the pandemic. Home with the kids alone every day.
Everything was going crazy in the world with COVID. I was worried about my daughter and her education. Then suddenly, I lose a lot of my hours at work and have to quit one of my jobs due to the virus and becoming her main caretaker again. This really makes me nervous because the price of everything is continually going up and I have little excess money to spend.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
covid no work
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
COVID-19 made me lose my beautiful job which I admire a lot and I am searching for another one which is not fort coming. Please what can I do now?
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
I recently broke-up with my boyfriend. We were together 5 years.
I broke up with a guy. I still talk to him. He might want me back-not sure. There is another guy who is interested in me now, However he's going through a divorce and keeps putting off seeing me.
people would make fun of me based on the color of my skin or anything that has to do with my color.
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
I want to hangout with friends but I don't have the motivation
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
My set of friends with include 6 close women are falling apart because of not communicating often and not being physically close to one another. It is really weird how being apart from one another can really change strong relationships. I am still close with everyone but I can not say the same about everyone else. We have all known each other for 25 years and it makes me sad and anxious that when we come out corona it won't be the same. Specifically, two of my besties are arguing with each other over a piece of sensitive gossip that was shared outside our group. Someone feels betrayed and I want to help them both without taking sides.
Not sure if I should go back to school during covid. IT would be remote so physically there is no danger.
My friends are going out to the bar without me tonight.
I just got my job and I heard they have to let people go because business is slow.
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
just can not get out of a bad mood
My boyfriend recently broke up with me out of the blue. I am feeling very alone, sad and depressed.
These mofos are trying to charge me an "administrative processing fee" for helping gather some supplies!! Taxin' my packages man!
the current pandemic
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
Anxiety about losing my job
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
My boyfriend was disrespectful. he went ahead to cheat on me with the particular girl i warned him about seeing. he lied about it even after being caught and tried to emotionally blackmail me with it still.
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
I love my parents but they want me to pursue business major while I am doing a psychology major to be Physician Assistant one day. They feel I am letting them down but in reality I want to be in the medicine field. I do not know what to do
My family have lost confidence in me due to my alcoholism. I want to stop but don't know how. I have tried before but some things I go through make me go back. What can I do?
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
My company is making people redundant and I am stressed.
I have been sad for a while now but lately due to not being able to find a job, i am feeling very low
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
Just can't shake my sadness
Feeling depressed and doesn't feel doing like anything.
Removed from my job - apparently only because of my age - no longer doing meaningful work.
My son had heart surgery this year and is in the midst of being diagnosed with CP. I work with a lot of people and am terrified I could catch COVID and it will kill him.
I feel hopeless. Sometimes I just want to end my life. It isn't worth it.
getting new year present for my parent
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I interviewed for.
I feel like I won't ever get a proper job and move out of my parents' home.
Have an essay due Monday and haven’t even finished the lessons. I feel like I shouldn’t be doing this degree
Near failing a class that will pretty much depend my future career
just always feel this way
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me
I broke up with partner , my friend sent me pic of her hubby etc
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
friend has possible COVID and going to hospital today for tests
A few things happened in my office that on and off stressed me out, including an odd pay period and a hostile coworker.
my husband cheated on me and i want to divirce him
I am feeling quite nervous, apprehensive and worried about the current pandemic. I fear that I, or my loved ones, can catch it and become very ill. Also, I feel a bit isolated, which has caused me to have a bit more negative feelings of sadness.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
covid 19 issues
My roommate says she wants me to move out.
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
Fear of layoff from work
Fear of layoff from job
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
Removed from my job - apparently only because of my age - no longer doing meaningful work.
lose job
Due to this pandemic, I am worry for my future. Especially my job stability.
My wife of 6 years decided one day last week she wanted to end things. This comes after finding out we cannot have anymore children. So its a combination of the 2.
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
I HAVE NOT worked in 4 years and i feel very ashamed
getting new year present for my parent
Hope I will not die? My doctor told me not to smoke again, I tried to stop for the past five years that I have been coughing seriously but all the effort was aborted.
It is not well to do better information for gather with my friends and they irritated me.
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
I recently faced a breakup with my partner..
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
I have nobody in my life that supports me. No purpose to my life. My husband treats me like dirt. I am just so frustrated with being sad all the time but just when I think it is looking up, I get knocked down again.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
I battle depression and recently my regular meds just aren't helping. I am exhausted morning to night and have no interest or enjoyment in anything I do.
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
I'm stressed about my final grades and ongoing pressure to do well academically. I don't know how to motivate myself, as I'm too afraid of the outcome.
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
Not able to find suitable job
my dog died recently
My friend died in a car accident
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
My boyfriend left me after I confronted him about cheating on me. He admitted to cheating and was happy I knew. Then he told me he had been trying to figure out how to leave me and I now made it easy for him.
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
i am breaked with my lover
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
I feel like my friends don't care about me at all. When we get together all they want to do is talk about their lives. When I raise something that is bothering me they just make some trite response and then move back to what they want to talk about.
Pressures from my parent to be the top of the class
I broke up with my boyfriend and that really depressed me because we have been together for like a long time. I feel very sad and alone. I actually feel like I can't go on with it.
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
My friend is a lier and a cheater. I know it.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
I lost my job due to the fact my employer could not make a medical exemption for me. My wife works part-time now but I need to try to make money on the side so I can watch my daughter.
I feel like my friends are trying to avoid me.
I am in the process of applying to colleges and my parents are making a big deal of getting into the school of their choice. If I do not, it is up to me to find a way to pay for college.
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
lots of problems happening in my life so many family issues
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
Not having enough money to pay my bills.
My girlfriend broke up with me because of race.
I found out my partner was cheating on me and I just feel betrayed and heartbroken.
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
My dog died about a month ago and I've just been feeling very depressed. I can't move on yet.
masters degree
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
I had a nasty breakup with my boyfriend. He stepped out on me and lied to my face.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
covid stress
I need a job but finding one that doesn't require weekends is almost impossible. There are no day cares in my area that watch kids on the weekend so that is another delima.
My friends talk behind my back and always try to get me in trouble but don't show it.
My company is cutting salaries next year because of the pandemic, with potential for layoffs
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
I learned that my friend's husband was shot and killed over a drug deal. He was high at the time. My daughter carpools with his daughter every day and he was often the driver. Was he high when he was driving her around? I don't know how to act around my friend. Did she know?
Life in general has been hard for me and my husband has been really sick for weeks now.
My thesis is due tomorrow and we have to do an individual presentation about our topics. I feel prepared but I know one professor that knows she intimidates me. I am just a nervous wreck.
I have been getting low grades lately and am scared I will be thrown out of my University.
My partner and I decided to part ways due to cheating and I have completely lost trust in any MEN out there now. I feel super helpless and need some advice and support.
I have to repeat one of my classes over winter break, but I have plans with family. I will lose my scholarship if i dont pass
I worried if I will be able to complete my degree.
I can't stand him!!!
I have not been able to find a job
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
I am sad about not having family near me. I am in a town all alone.
I got a bad grade on a paper
Just lost my job. Don't know how to continue with my lifestyle.
I just woke up and felt sad and I cannot shake the feeling and I just want to cry and never leave bed
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
My friends and family do not really pay attention to me unless they need me to solve a problem. I am lonely because unless they need something they aren’t there for me. They only seek me out when they are needy
my family neglected me
I have so much credit card debt and don't know how I am going to pay it off
breaking up cause husband cheating
I have a large test and don't feel prepared
my kids wont listen to me
My girlfriend of ten years run away on our wedding day
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
I dont know what to do with out her.
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
My partners and I are not on the same terms. Need some emotional support.
I am isolated due to covid and don't see the situation getting better any time soon.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
My colleagues are always talking about me behind
my family neglected me
getting new year present for my parent
Loss of job and the pandemic
I am fighting with my parents because I am 17 and have just began my first relationship and my parents have grounded me after finding out that I am dating before the age of 18
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
My best friend flirted with my wife and asked if she wants to have sex with her.
worried about losing my job
I had some recent car trouble and the problem has gotten worse. It has caused the mechanic bill to get bigger and bigger and I don't know how I am going to pay for it.
A few things happened in my office that on and off stressed me out, including an odd pay period and a hostile coworker.
There aren't any specific events currently happening to cause anxiety, it's more of an inability to turn off my brain. If there are issues in my life, I definitely overthink them and that causes a downward spiral into depression.
I am isolated due to covid and don't see the situation getting better any time soon.
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
My partner left me after 7 years and broke up with me over text.
I lost my job 4 month ago and I am running out of money.
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
I broke up with my boyfriend and that really depressed me because we have been together for like a long time. I feel very sad and alone. I actually feel like I can't go on with it.
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
I was given reduced hours at work and there might be a chance I could get laid off because I just started and there is lack of work. However, my expenses are the same and income is reducing.
I think I've drifted apart from a friend I've known since college because of the pandemic. We rarely communicate and the last time we did she tells me about the things she has been doing with her NEW friends.
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
Feeling depressed and doesn't feel doing like anything.
My best friend of 5 years said they hated me.
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
Friends that I used to trust and they broke up the trust.
Not able to find suitable job
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
my age (66), uselessness,fear of death
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
My company fired 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I am going to be in the next round.
Misunderstanding with friend
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
i cheated on her
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
My friend created a separate chat for planning hangouts and did not include me.
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
In my youthful exuberance for entertainment, I had ditched study plans with my high school friend while we were in college to go play video games with some of my new college friends. After this event, I lost my high school friends
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
i cant do well in school and they mock me
My family have lost confidence in me due to my alcoholism. I want to stop but don't know how. I have tried before but some things I go through make me go back. What can I do?
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
My mother told me that she hurt her knee and can not work.
i feel as though i could do better academically. i kept telling myself - if i could only write better then i could get better grades.
worried about losing my job
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
I have so much homework that I can't keep up and I dont feel motivated in my classes because im so behind.
lose job
breakup with lover
Some former friends of mine have remained friends with a person who abused me and stood up for them in court.
My family have lost confidence in me due to my alcoholism. I want to stop but don't know how. I have tried before but some things I go through make me go back. What can I do?
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
I was let go from my job of 30 years.
masters degree
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
Fear of layoff from job
I broke up with my partner because she was constantly neglecting me. She showed little interest in doing things together and I had enough of trying to please her. She ends up with a new guy just two weeks later.
I've always struggled with depression. I just feel hopeless.
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
Anxiety about losing my job
I am having financial problems and i am worried i will not be able afford my kids christmas presents.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
Everything was going crazy in the world with COVID. I was worried about my daughter and her education. Then suddenly, I lose a lot of my hours at work and have to quit one of my jobs due to the virus and becoming her main caretaker again. This really makes me nervous because the price of everything is continually going up and I have little excess money to spend.
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday. I had been with her for years and now living life without her feels heart breaking.
I've been given some feedback in work that has really annoyed me and I think I should complain about it.
I was pulled off of a project I had been on for 6 months. Last week I was transferred to a new team and all of the hard work I had put in for 6 months was given to another engineer to finish. The reason I was given was that my skills would be better used on this other team because they were behind on their project.
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
General daily stresses
Having been having panic attacks more often now that we are in quarantined
I'm mad at my boyfriend for not taking responsibility.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
I was going to marry my girlfriend but she broke up with me a prior to proposing for an unknown reason.
I always feel like the way I look does not live up to the expectations of those close to me. This makes me very anxious when I go to meet with them.
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
I have been feeling like my friends don't like me and it's making me feel bad.
I just got layed off.
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
I tested positive for Covid.
I quit my full time job as an Administrative Assistant in August 2020 becuase my job did not following Covid-19 roles set up by the State in which I live in. I am struggling to find a job that is WFH since August.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
I'm so sad all the time.
My daughter was very sick. It kept my wife and I up at night because she wasn't sleeping well.
I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
my best friend became phys-co and torturing all his friends by blackmailing all photos with him.he started with me also i got so much fear and issues
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
Had an issue with my wife concerning my drinking habits where she complained that I had of late been drinking soo much. There was a confrontation that almost led to a breakup and now we are not talking. The situation is serious
Depression about pandemic
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
I had a nasty breakup with my boyfriend. He stepped out on me and lied to my face.
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
I just lost my job and am worried about paying the bills.
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
academic pressure
Jobs are competitive
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
My friend has a girlfriend who is a real bitch. I can't stand how she treats me and others. I wish that my friend would dump her.
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
I feel like I am not doing my job very well and that my co workers can tell that I suck at my job and are possibly conspiring against me.
Depressed due to a breakup
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
I can't figure out why my friends don't understand why I want to keep a bit distant during COVID
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
COVID-19 made me lose my beautiful job which I admire a lot and I am searching for another one which is not fort coming. Please what can I do now?
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for my job.
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
I feel disgusted by the way my teenage daughter dresses up. She wears very tight and revealing clothing. I have tried before to talk to her about modesty but she continues to dress that way.
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
I do not know how to move on, nothing makes me happy
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
I'm feeling so depressed lately. The holidays are coming and I just want to stay in bed under the covers.
my boyfriend of three years has been cheating on me.
My depression is getting worse and worse due to this pandemic. I feel like things will turn for the worse in my life.
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I broke up with my girlfriend and sad about it
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
NO MOTIVATION
Time of the year when family is not around
my boss does not care about my and there is no guidance complete ignorance due to the fact that I am a female in a male domain
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
Since getting a new job I feel like I'm constantly trying to prove myself. I measure myself against other people and just don't feel I'm good enough I'm having a real issue with my confidence at the moment
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
Boss keeps hitting on a co-worker, who really doesn't like the guy. What can I do to make it stop?
Anxiety about losing my job
I feel like I won't ever get a proper job and move out of my parents' home.
I feel very bad to work on remotely. It sucks me and i cant anage the work life balance on this covid pandamic. It really hard to manage my time with my family and they expect more from us hence we are in work from home.
I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
I have so much credit card debt and don't know how I am going to pay it off
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
I had my heart set on a Veterinary Technology program at a particular school and I just found out that I won't be able to apply in time. I feel like I have to reassess my future plans.
My wife and I had a threeway with my ex, and they're kind of at each other's throats now. The ex lives on our block too, so it's slightly awkward in the neighborhood
My aunt died a week ago who was 90. Was very close to her.
trying to find a job with good hours
Trying to get my own small crafting business off the ground.
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
i talk with my friendship
This COVID pandemic has really gotten to me! I'm not ready to die, but I can't stand living like this anymore!
i have a sleep problem past one month.night time i can not sleep.some of fear i fell everyday night time
Time of the year when family is not around
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
I am getting a divorce. My ex is fighting a lot over child support and visitation.
I am feeling quite nervous, apprehensive and worried about the current pandemic. I fear that I, or my loved ones, can catch it and become very ill. Also, I feel a bit isolated, which has caused me to have a bit more negative feelings of sadness.
Daily, normal activites of life are hard for me to be motivated to do or to complete them at all due to my depression. I feel ashamed that I am not like other people who can complete things like hygiene care without a struggle.
I need to leave my job as I do not make enough money, however I love my job and hate to leave.
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
I am supposed to be getting married overseas but I cannot because of the border policy due to COVID
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
I fear that I might never be loved again. I feel so lonely.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
COVID-19 has changed the way we learn and the last year has been really difficult. I don't feel as connected in my classes and I plan to apply to grad school. I don't know how this will affect me as I begin to think about programs to apply to next year.
i couldnt sleep because my neighbors were partying and playing loud music
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
i left my job because i could not take it any more
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
Ongoing anxiety about small things but seem to be much bigger in my head.
i have no friends
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
getting new year present for my parent
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
With everything going on, my depression has taking a turn for the worst.
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
My close friend died because of Covid-19 last month, it bothers me a lot and i constantly feel depression.
my fiance and I broke up last week
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
recently i lost my job
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
I have always been an honors student but with virtual school, I'm falling so far behind and I'm not sure when school will ever go back to normal.
Me and my best friend are drifting apart. She never seems to want to hang out anymore.
School work piling up, lots of projects and pressure on time issues. Wanted to escape but can't.
I cannot paint at art school
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
i lost job in covid ,i lost my home due to unpaid of mortgage ..full in stress how to pay homeloans and how to get new job in this covid situations
Hello. My baby of 11 years had passed away last week. This would be my pomeranian and I am devastated. I am fearful now of getting another puppy during Corona.
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
The holiday season has me down
I recently argued with my family about my dating partner.
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
Need a second job to pay off credit card bills
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I have to give an important presentation for my academic career and I am stressed about public speaking and my ability to give a coherent presentation
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
I have a friend that has admitted that she was using heroin. She got help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if she is really off the heroin. I will talk to her and it is like she gets sleepy and nods off. I have talked to her and she gets mad and denies and says I am not supporting her getting help and that this is why addicts go back to drugs because they are always accused.
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
i talk with my friendship
I'm fearful of where I'll be living in the future.
girlfriend broke my heart
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
Job safety is causing my sadness and stress. COVID-19 is making it worse.
I don't have enough money to buy my kids christmas gifts.
covid 19 issues
breakup with partner
I lost my aun a couple weeks ago
My President of the Board is not very good.
My youngest sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her two children.
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
Going to lose my job in January, not sure what to do about that.
My friend thinks I put her second ever since I had children and she no longer wants to continue our 13 year friendship
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
I am fighting with my parents because I am 17 and have just began my first relationship and my parents have grounded me after finding out that I am dating before the age of 18
I got a bad grade on a paper
My father will not talk to me anymore because he is obsessed with Trump. So I call him out, and he now does not speak to or acknowledge me. We have been close until this happened, it struck me as bizarre.
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
i feel as though i could do better academically. i kept telling myself - if i could only write better then i could get better grades.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
My mom got in a serious accident and ever since, I have developed anxiety whenever I cannot be around my parents
I just got my job and I heard they have to let people go because business is slow.
Not sure how to explain that I want out of marriage
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
My ex-partner told me yesterday that after being engaged for almost a year, he no longer wants to marry me and he moved out.
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
My boyfriend left me after I confronted him about cheating on me. He admitted to cheating and was happy I knew. Then he told me he had been trying to figure out how to leave me and I now made it easy for him.
My partner and I decided to part ways due to cheating and I have completely lost trust in any MEN out there now. I feel super helpless and need some advice and support.
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
Not being able to visit parents for Thanksgiving because of Covid.
Ilost my home when my partner died. He had changed the will and I didn't know.
My ex-partner told me yesterday that after being engaged for almost a year, he no longer wants to marry me and he moved out.
My job shut down due to COVID and I've lost a lot of income.
My roommate says she wants me to move out.
The fact that my job does not take my health seriously
I've suffered from depression since I was a kid but since the pandemic started it's harder to find the motivation to go on, to go about my day, to get out of bed, etc.
I'm bummed about my employer cutting my pay
my team lead give me a assignment during holiday but i can't do that
i cant do well in school and they mock me
I recently found out that my best friend has lied to me about her whole life, and when I invited to my home she finally told me the truth after staying for a month ad we were fighting for the entire month she stayed.
We had a staff appreciation day, but we all got drunk by the end of the day. So now I am worried my boss will judge me or fire me.
Fear of layoff from my job
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
not communicative all of a sudden, not wanting to speak over phone too
just everyday life
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
There aren't any specific events currently happening to cause anxiety, it's more of an inability to turn off my brain. If there are issues in my life, I definitely overthink them and that causes a downward spiral into depression.
My job terminated a lot of people recently and I am afraid that they will do that again and I may lose my job if that happens
I let the best lady in the world get away from me.
I work a dead end job.
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
I love my parents but they want me to pursue business major while I am doing a psychology major to be Physician Assistant one day. They feel I am letting them down but in reality I want to be in the medicine field. I do not know what to do
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
lost my job and will be living on the streets in 2 days
I'm in depression because my exam is near and i can't finish my studies
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
trying to find a job in this town is almost impossible, it is either fast food, walmart, or if you know someone the chemical plants. i need to get out of the place i am in or i am going to go insane. i cant do that without more income.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
My job doesnt value me
My boyfriend broke up with me, but we live together and have roommates. Now he is turning the roommates against me.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
Just failed a huge test in my class and may not graduate this semester
Every night I try to go to sleep and I am actually tired but once in bed I cannot stop thinking about tons of things and I cannot fell asleep.
Since covid I havent been doing as well in school. I'm very upset and ashamed at my self
I am in a crisis over my employer not having enough money to pay me. It is really causing me to be fearful.
I have 6 finals that are coming up soon, and i need to do well in order to have a good GPA for medical school
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
No money to celebrate christiamass
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
I just can't seem to get motivated to do anything, I feel like I have nothing to live for.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
Daily, normal activites of life are hard for me to be motivated to do or to complete them at all due to my depression. I feel ashamed that I am not like other people who can complete things like hygiene care without a struggle.
i broke up with my partner and am feeling like i should even commit suiside, i was played a fool
The current economic downturn has me worried for the future.
My partner left me after 7 years and broke up with me over text.
Due to this pandemic, I've been feeling more depressed than ever. I am fearful for my job and my financials. Not a day goes by I don't think about my financial situation. If this pandemic keeps going on, my financial situation will worsen.
my girlfriend was break up with me i found out that she was cheating on me
My uncle passed away a couple of days ago and I have really been going through it because I have lost 5 other family members this year
I am depressed due to covid pandemic.
i want to change my situation and improve but i am so depressed i don't have the energy to look for a job much less perform them adequately. on top of that my town has almost no jobs (2 thousand people in central Kansas)
I got fired from my job during the pandemic, I don't know if I'll be able to find another job.
I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore
I have nobody in my life that supports me. No purpose to my life. My husband treats me like dirt. I am just so frustrated with being sad all the time but just when I think it is looking up, I get knocked down again.
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
I feel depressed about being lonely and sad.
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
Daily, normal activites of life are hard for me to be motivated to do or to complete them at all due to my depression. I feel ashamed that I am not like other people who can complete things like hygiene care without a struggle.
I was pulled off of a project I had been on for 6 months. Last week I was transferred to a new team and all of the hard work I had put in for 6 months was given to another engineer to finish. The reason I was given was that my skills would be better used on this other team because they were behind on their project.
I am fighting with my parents because I am 17 and have just began my first relationship and my parents have grounded me after finding out that I am dating before the age of 18
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
Ongoing anxiety about small things but seem to be much bigger in my head.
One of my classes is extremely difficult and my professor is not responsive.
I've recently lost my job due to the covid situation and my funds are dwindling by the day while we've been out into another lockdown
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed
turned in ex gf to cps for giving her kids drugs.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
i don't understand the course
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
I am supposed to be getting married overseas but I cannot because of the border policy due to COVID
In my youthful exuberance for entertainment, I had ditched study plans with my high school friend while we were in college to go play video games with some of my new college friends. After this event, I lost my high school friends
trying to find a job with good hours
Jobs are competitive
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
in this covid time , my job in trouble .I tested covid positive and unble to attended my office hours fro 2 months .My manager thought i joined another company but i was not yet all healthy to do any job .And i became pregnant in this covid time .I scaring how can i handle baby and job .I need much money but my manager not agree to give job
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
I have a friend that completely screwed me out of money on a business venture.
I am very depressed and i dont know what to do
a friend is going in for quadruple bypass surgery
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
College finals are next week and I have been sic so I gave them been able to study like I wanted to.
COVID-19 has completely ruined my family's travel plans. Instead of travelling to see them, we have to stay home.
My ex who i loved so much and almost gave her everything cheated on me with another guy from my school , my relationship was almost 2 years until she dumped me.... and i had to go through an immense overthinking after the breakup for almost 6-7 months
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
Me and my friend got into an argument and are not in speaking terms
I just lost my job and am worried about paying the bills.
My friends and family do not really pay attention to me unless they need me to solve a problem. I am lonely because unless they need something they aren’t there for me. They only seek me out when they are needy
How can I cope with losing my boyfriend to another woman?
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
Well we are at different places in our lives. My partner wants to leave to go to another state to be with her cousin. I want to stay around the family we have here already.
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
breakup with lover
I can't cope with Martins any more, he is a big liar
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
I just have no energy and feel helpless about current events.
I can't stop eating at work
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
My aunt died a week ago who was 90. Was very close to her.
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
Staying home with my children instead of going to work is making me anxious.
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
I have just realized I will never be able to afford a real house for my family and feel horrible,
I've been studying very hard for this class, but I have been performing very poorly. This is the first time I have done this bad and I just feel so incompetent. Nothing I do seems to work.
Remote working is unfavorable
My friend who's a year ahead of me in school is looking at jobs in an entirely different part of the country that I was looking at grad schools in, but she expects me to follow her there, which had previously been our plan.
My friends don't understand my choices to get married quickly and buy a house
gf broke heart
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
My mom got in a serious accident and ever since, I have developed anxiety whenever I cannot be around my parents
not communicative all of a sudden, not wanting to speak over phone too
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
My thesis is due tomorrow and we have to do an individual presentation about our topics. I feel prepared but I know one professor that knows she intimidates me. I am just a nervous wreck.
My account went into the negative this morning.
Friends that I used to trust and they broke up the trust.
Not having enough money to pay my bills.
My friends don't understand my choices to get married quickly and buy a house
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
My fiance and I are splitting up after 5 years and I feel like I'm starting over again.
I will lose my job in January
I have to give a presentation at work after completing a course and am fearful as I've had a bad experience in the past
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
turned in ex gf to cps for giving her kids drugs.
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
I've recently lost my job due to the covid situation and my funds are dwindling by the day while we've been out into another lockdown
lost job went to prison
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
impending academic deadlines
I'm stressed about my final grades and ongoing pressure to do well academically. I don't know how to motivate myself, as I'm too afraid of the outcome.
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
My job is based on demand and the current economic state makes less demand.
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
I am fighting with my parents because I am 17 and have just began my first relationship and my parents have grounded me after finding out that I am dating before the age of 18
My company just laid off 5%. I fear I will be next. Anxiety is at all time highs.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years.
My boyfriend recently broke up with me out of the blue. I am feeling very alone, sad and depressed.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
I was used as a rebound for someone that I thought I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.
They didn't invite me for the party for an special event
My coworker is constantly telling me what to do like she is my boss. I told her about it and she still does it. I cannot make a move without criticism or a comment on how to do it her way. I how to do my job and it angers me when she expects me to do it her way.
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
I'm disgusted that the professors don't see me as a human with real emotions and feelings.
I am very depressed and i dont know what to do
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
Everything was going crazy in the world with COVID. I was worried about my daughter and her education. Then suddenly, I lose a lot of my hours at work and have to quit one of my jobs due to the virus and becoming her main caretaker again. This really makes me nervous because the price of everything is continually going up and I have little excess money to spend.
Ex girlfriend issues.
Struggling to find work
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
My friend thinks I put her second ever since I had children and she no longer wants to continue our 13 year friendship
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
Covid 19 stress with the added stress of the holduas
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
I am self employed, and my job is at a halt due to covid 19. I am very anxious about when i will be able to return to work, and my current financial situation
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
my friend stud me up for a weekend trip cost was then all on me and she has been badmouthing me ever since. Saying I am the bad person because of a voicemail left her
I messed up, my girl friend got pregnant two months to my wedding with my fiancée wedding
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
My boyfriend broke up with me after being together for 5 years. He also cheated on me with my best friend.
Worried about my daughter abd her academic struggles. She has a genetic condition and some learning differences. Struggling to cope to work and do day to day things and give her as much support as she needs.
Husband of 9 years walked out on me and our children a few months ago. Working hard to try and make ends meat on my own.
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
I can not hang out with my friends due to COVID-19. I miss them a lot but they are high risk.
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
I recently lost my job and I am worried that i will not able to pay my bills. This situation is making me anger.
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
i and this lady went on a date last week, we were both in love and so i asked her out on our first date.... she told me yes the next day slept over at her place and we had sex... after a week she started behaving strange.. by the time i called her so we could talk she said she doesn't love me anymore
Since getting a new job I feel like I'm constantly trying to prove myself. I measure myself against other people and just don't feel I'm good enough I'm having a real issue with my confidence at the moment
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
Depression is currently taking a toll on my life. This pandemic is stressing me out.
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
i have no friends
staying at home with kids and stopping outside work
Its really sad that with todays COVID crisis we are no longer able to enjoy daily normal life. We are not able to mingle and meet our family and friends. We are stuck in our homes during this unprecedented time.
Christmas is coming up and I've been having a terrible time finding a job.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
Ive gained some weight after having my kids. I havent been able to lose or go below 150. so nothing fits, or nothing looks good on me anymore. and i feel thats why my boyfriend doesnt compliment me ever or make me feel wanted at all.
Fights on my friends circle some conversation going to long and some bad talking to both of us.
my club is giving me a fuck headache, I cannot do without Arsenal but they are fucking up on a big time
I am afraid of failure, and it paralyses me to where I cannot study enough to score well on the tests.
Not being able to visit parents for Thanksgiving because of Covid.
My industry has been shut down since March due to covid-19 and I've been struggling to find work that is safe for me to do (I have asthma and a blood disorder that compromises my immune system), haven't had any success with unemployment and really just very stressed about money.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
I feel like my employees are working against me.
Loss of a job
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
I have developed "cabin fever". not being able to go out and do something has put me in depression.
EVER SINCE THIS PANDEMIC HAS EMERGED IT JUST SEEMS LIKE THINGS HAVE BEEN GOING DOWN INSTEAD OF UP. PRIOR TO THE PANDEMIC, I HAD A JOB OF 10 YEARS, CHILDREN WERE GROWING INTO TEENAGERS, AND THE HUSBAND WAS OUT OF TOWN WORKING AS HE HAS DONE OUR ENTIRE 21 YEAR MARRIAGE. WELL SINCE THE PANDEMIC, I WAS IMMEDIATELY LET GO AT WORK. THE TEENAGERS WERE SCENTENCED TO DITIGITAL LEARNING AND MY HUSBAND DID EVERYTHING HE COULD POSSIBLY DO TO HOLD THE ONLY JOB AND INCOME THE WAS COMING INTO THE HOME. BUT EVENTUALLY JUST A MONTH AGO THAT WAS TAKEN OUT FROM UNDER US AS WELL. I DIDNT MIND NOT WORKING ALTHOUGH IT WAS AN ESCAPE FROM MY MOTHERLY DUTIES AND THE REALITY OF BEING A FULL TIME WIFE. BUT NOW THAT WE HAVE REACHED JUST OVER A YEAR OF THE PANDEMIC IT HAS BROKEN ME DOWN IN SO MANY WAYS IT FEELS LIKE. THE WHOLE YEAR WITH JUST THE HUSBAND WORKING WEVE STRUGGLED TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE AND PAY THE MONTHLY EXPENSES THAT COME WITH THE ADULT LIFE AND NOW IM A MESS
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
I miss seeing my friends
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
I made a mistake at work by not calling a placement for a resident and now they are unable to leave in time and my boss is upset.
Every day is a struggle, I wake up feeling hopeless, and I am having really bad anxiety attacks that I can't calm down from.
I think that i am gaining weight and hard as i try I can not keep it off and i am getting vry put down.
i am very stressed at work so i have started to look for a new job but can't find anything
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
lack of job has been a problem
i cheated on her
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
I'm bummed about my employer cutting my pay
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
I've been given some feedback in work that has really annoyed me and I think I should complain about it.
I am nervous and anxious about my status with my friends. I am not sure what I mean to them and if I am easily replaceable.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
I work in the night. I have to sleep in the day. This is for throughout the year. I strive for sound sleeping. I become depressed of insufficient sleeping.
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
I have anxiety to leave my families,
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
I just feel really depressed all the time, I feel like my life has no meaning
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
I broke up with my boyfriend and that really depressed me because we have been together for like a long time. I feel very sad and alone. I actually feel like I can't go on with it.
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. I WANT TO ACHEIVE SOMETHING IN MY LIFE. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS AND ALSO I THINK ABOUT IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. SO THIS MAKES ME DEPRESSED PERSON AND EVEN I CAN'T TALK WITH MY FRIENDS WELL
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
i worry that they will never stop pressuring me to go back to work. even though i have a disability that keeps me from doing that. the thought of talking about it makes me feel major anxiety
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
This pandemic has me depressed everyday and the drugs are not helping, before something else happens to me or I do something stupid, help.....
I can not hang out with my friends due to COVID-19. I miss them a lot but they are high risk.
I am unemployed right now and its hard for me to find a job where I can earn enough to support my family
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
Quarantine keeps going on and on.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I was in a course with a bad teacher and was not doing well. I felt like his grading was unfair and his teaching methods were unclear. When I tried to talk to him about the issues I was having I didn't feel like he did anything to help.
The person ghosted me after we had an argument and I am really upset about it.
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
I need to leave my job as I do not make enough money, however I love my job and hate to leave.
My best friend has been very demanding, and I'm very upset.
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
I LOVE MY FRIEND BUT TODAY FIGHT
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
My friend totally screwed me over. We were doing a business deal and he lied about how much money we got from the deal. He screwed me!
I got a B+ in a class that I deserved an A- in and when I contacted the professor, he called me a liar. This really put me in a bad mood because I tried really hard in his class and he would not hear my case out.
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
My ex-boyfriend broke up with me because I was too jealous and I didn't trust him
I see a text message from my ex-wife's phone that states "you look sexier now that you did this morning." I was the major sign that my marriage was in trouble and why would my wife cheat on me.
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
facing a breakup with the partner..
I am nervous and anxious about my status with my friends. I am not sure what I mean to them and if I am easily replaceable.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
my boyfriend of three years has been cheating on me.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
I recently faced a breakup with my partner..
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
i left my job, and moved across the country without another job lined up. it's been 3 months since i have worked. and this is compounded by a lot of feelings of loss and grieving as i left a job of 8 years.
My friend's dad passed away due to Coronavirus and I am sad.
My friends are going out to the bar without me tonight.
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
New boss who is difficult
COVID-19 has completely ruined my family's travel plans. Instead of travelling to see them, we have to stay home.
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
I have to find a higher paying job but it has been a while since I worked full time.
Anxiety about losing my job
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
I am very nervous about my fianl paper.
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
General daily stresses
trying to find a job with good hours
I have been getting low grades lately and am scared I will be thrown out of my University.
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
Parents pressuring me to do well in studies
i want to change my situation and improve but i am so depressed i don't have the energy to look for a job much less perform them adequately. on top of that my town has almost no jobs (2 thousand people in central Kansas)
I see a text message from my ex-wife's phone that states "you look sexier now that you did this morning." I was the major sign that my marriage was in trouble and why would my wife cheat on me.
I have a friend who is mad at me because I told her to pull up her mask while she was talking to me. She became very offended and actually started yelling at me as to how I am healthy and will live through Corona if I caught it. I reminded her about my family and other people but she is stubborn. She is just now starting to believe Corona is real.
I have been getting low grades lately and am scared I will be thrown out of my University.
fight with the partner
Working four departments at once
Parents are pressuring me to become a doctor
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
loss of job
I dont know what to do with out her.
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
I am in a deep depression, have no friends or family to talk to. I also started drinking
loss of job
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
My new supervisor hates me. She already hated me before she was my boss. In addition to being a terrible manager, she has made a personal goal to inhibit my ability to do my job. She has taken from me all parts of my job that I value. This upsets me personally and I am sad & angry that the rest of my team, who I care about, is no longer supported. We have no recourse to solve this problem.
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
My friends don't understand my choices to get married quickly and buy a house
Ever since the insurgent of Covid-19 ,I was hit hard when I was relieved from my full-time job for a non justifiable reason. I blame it to Covid because business was slow and it affected production. I was so frustrated and I didn't know what next to do as I had past due bills and family to take care of. I started applying for government benefits none was fast coming forth and requires a lot of processing time. I later got a part-time job that the pay was low and i could not put up with the bills .it was really tough. I almost went into depression but I did not give up home. Recently I got a full-time job but I have been scared and anxious because they keep laying off employees weekly. I wouldn't want to go through the terrible situation I had last time.
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
My boss recently left the company and I am not getting the information from her boss that I need. It is worrisome.
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
lost job went to prison
i'm doing a bad job at my job and there are rumors i'll be fired soon. i am a newscaster at a small radio station. basically this job is too much for me. i feel tremendous pressure.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
covid 19 issues
I feel depressed. I hate the holidays. I don't want to pretend to be happy around my family for christmas.
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
cant get araise but rent went up
It is finals week and i have a lot to do. I have been having bad dreams about my grades and future.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
I broke up with partner , my friend sent me pic of her hubby etc
Depressed due to a breakup
My friend has a girlfriend who is a real bitch. I can't stand how she treats me and others. I wish that my friend would dump her.
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
I have a daughter who has decided to go live with her dad. I'm having a hard time with this. She is 16. And that's her decision. I'm fine with that part but I'm not fine with her not seeing me or spending time with me. 3 months age I grounded her and she's been upset with me ever since. She needed it though. She was getting out of hand. This is my baby girl. Her dad thinks everything is ok. like it is but I feel I have a right to see my daughter as well.
fighting with my husband all the time and not seeing eye to eye. felling unwanted and unloved
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
I was let go from my job of 30 years.
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
Work at restaurant as assistant manager. Manager got fired and company asked me to take over position without a pay raise then skipped the promotion and hired a new manager.
found out my fiance was cheating on me
I recently left my job because of a toxic environment but now I'm having trouble finding another and I'm running out of money.
The current economic downturn has me worried for the future.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
Me and my friend got into an argument and are not in speaking terms
My husband and I are having a very difficult tine both working remotely during the corona virus and having two kids with us all day who are learning online. We are being interrupted daily and they tend to come to my office more-so than my husbands. He seems to think I can deal with this better and more efficiently but my work is just as important as his. We both make about the same income.
I cannot paint at art school
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
Fights on my friends circle some conversation going to long and some bad talking to both of us.
I am depressed as I feel I am not good enough or doing enough in life.
I recently argued with my family about my dating partner.
effects of the pandemic
My current position will be eliminated within 6 months. I am very anxious and concerned that I will likely not find another position at mu current salary level.
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I got a B+ in a class that I deserved an A- in and when I contacted the professor, he called me a liar. This really put me in a bad mood because I tried really hard in his class and he would not hear my case out.
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
Not able to find suitable job
I just can't seem to unwind at night.
I feel hopeless. Sometimes I just want to end my life. It isn't worth it.
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
I left my home due to income reduction, and live with sibling.
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
My manager has decided that everyone will continue to work from home nearly 100% of the time after the pandemic is under control. (Prior to the pandemic, most of us only had one work-from-home day a week.) I really love the work I do, but I've been experiencing depression this past year largely due to my lack of human contact throughout the work day.
I lost my job, my car was just repossessed and my bills are all behind.
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
i have a sleep problem past one month.night time i can not sleep.some of fear i fell everyday night time
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
Me and a close friend of mine got in an arguement because she dated a guy that I had just broke up with and I dated a guy that she had just broke up with
I am 50 and returning to school because I am out of work. I am, having a very tough time.
These mofos are trying to charge me an "administrative processing fee" for helping gather some supplies!! Taxin' my packages man!
i shared somethng with my best ffirend and she betrayed me
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
realizing im almost done with current degree
Just lost my job. Don't know how to continue with my lifestyle.
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
I have been recently laid out because of COVID-19 and not solved yet.
I am trying to complete my Master's degree while having to help my children learn virtually because of the pandemic. Managing my time has not been easy.
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
I am on short term disability and I am afraid I will lose my job if I don't go back soon.
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
School has been putting a lot of pressure on me recently. Especially with finals going on.
My sister-in-law is a horrible person, and she's harrassing me for jewelery from my mom, who just died.
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
Me and my girlfriend got into a fight over holiday break that I thought could be fixed but instead ended up in us breaking up
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
my family neglected me
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
I have not been able to find a job
Fear of layoff from work
I've suffered from depression since I was a kid but since the pandemic started it's harder to find the motivation to go on, to go about my day, to get out of bed, etc.
when i lost my job and i was at home for long time due to no job i felt very shame on me and eat lot and gained much weight so i felt so lonely and no job no body structure no boy friend .i am literally nothing
I am afraid of how my parents will react when I tell them that I am not going to attend the holidays
Since the pandemic started my once strong friendships have become weak. we barely talk. Even my daughters God mother is not as present. I am unsure how to fortified those connections.
I just feel generally down.
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
My manager does not respect COVID guidelines or protect my safety.
I live with four friends/ housemates. I like them, but at the same time we are stuck together every day 24/7. Small things add up; I am getting increasingly annoyed by their behaviors and their inconsideration for others.
i just broke up with my girlfriend last week. I found her cheating
I just can't seem to unwind at night.
I have lost my job because of COVID19
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
there will be layoff to me
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
I recently argued with my family about my dating partner.
I can't find a job since I've been staying home with children for so many years. I'm starting to feel a shame because I am having trouble paying bills.
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
My coworker is constantly telling me what to do like she is my boss. I told her about it and she still does it. I cannot make a move without criticism or a comment on how to do it her way. I how to do my job and it angers me when she expects me to do it her way.
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
EVER SINCE THIS PANDEMIC HAS EMERGED IT JUST SEEMS LIKE THINGS HAVE BEEN GOING DOWN INSTEAD OF UP. PRIOR TO THE PANDEMIC, I HAD A JOB OF 10 YEARS, CHILDREN WERE GROWING INTO TEENAGERS, AND THE HUSBAND WAS OUT OF TOWN WORKING AS HE HAS DONE OUR ENTIRE 21 YEAR MARRIAGE. WELL SINCE THE PANDEMIC, I WAS IMMEDIATELY LET GO AT WORK. THE TEENAGERS WERE SCENTENCED TO DITIGITAL LEARNING AND MY HUSBAND DID EVERYTHING HE COULD POSSIBLY DO TO HOLD THE ONLY JOB AND INCOME THE WAS COMING INTO THE HOME. BUT EVENTUALLY JUST A MONTH AGO THAT WAS TAKEN OUT FROM UNDER US AS WELL. I DIDNT MIND NOT WORKING ALTHOUGH IT WAS AN ESCAPE FROM MY MOTHERLY DUTIES AND THE REALITY OF BEING A FULL TIME WIFE. BUT NOW THAT WE HAVE REACHED JUST OVER A YEAR OF THE PANDEMIC IT HAS BROKEN ME DOWN IN SO MANY WAYS IT FEELS LIKE. THE WHOLE YEAR WITH JUST THE HUSBAND WORKING WEVE STRUGGLED TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE AND PAY THE MONTHLY EXPENSES THAT COME WITH THE ADULT LIFE AND NOW IM A MESS
i cheated on her
Husband of 9 years walked out on me and our children a few months ago. Working hard to try and make ends meat on my own.
I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
I cannot paint at art school
I'm mad at my boyfriend for not taking responsibility.
i cheated on her
I am depressed and always angry. I lose my temper and say racist things to people, and am miserable to be around. I got mad at my father inlaw for talking badly about President Trump on Thanksgiving, and I called everyone "a bunch of nigger lovers" and stormed out of the house. Been angry ever since.
I may lose a job
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
I am in the middle of job hunting but it has been very difficult to find one during the pandemic. This really upsets me.
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
They want me to work on a project with them. I agreed to it. Wondering how it will go.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
I recently made a mistake at work that I could get in trouble for, and I am nervous to approach my manager about my mistake.
effects of the pandemic
I've dealt with a lot of stress lately, even before the covid 19 was even heard of. It's ongoing now. I have even more now.
breakup with partner
some many people losing jobs due to covid
I have found out that my friends have been socialising behind my back without me. This makes me very sad.
My partner broke up with me. He cheated on me.
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
I am extremely stressed with work and am very unhappy.
I have a friend who knew me since I was little, she is closer to my mother's age so she is kinda like my aunt growing up. She always treat me like I was little. I understand that she knew me since I was little. But I'm a grown woman now and I want our relationship to go far and grow more. I tried to explain it to her but she is not getting it. It's made me feel sad that we can't move our relationship further.
police shootings of unarmed black people
gf broke heart
Life in general has been hard for me and my husband has been really sick for weeks now.
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
academic stress
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
I am very depressed and i dont know what to do
My company just laid off 5%. I fear I will be next. Anxiety is at all time highs.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
My girlfriend broke up with me because of race.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
I have a daughter who has decided to go live with her dad. I'm having a hard time with this. She is 16. And that's her decision. I'm fine with that part but I'm not fine with her not seeing me or spending time with me. 3 months age I grounded her and she's been upset with me ever since. She needed it though. She was getting out of hand. This is my baby girl. Her dad thinks everything is ok. like it is but I feel I have a right to see my daughter as well.
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
I'm feeling so depressed lately. The holidays are coming and I just want to stay in bed under the covers.
when i met myb coworkers in job and they have not done has we had agreed , i get bored and irritated the whole day with negative mood due to the dissapointment they did not met the requirements we had set to attain by set date aside
just down
Fear about losing a job
I worried if I will be able to complete my degree.
My family have lost confidence in me due to my alcoholism. I want to stop but don't know how. I have tried before but some things I go through make me go back. What can I do?
The fact that my job does not take my health seriously
I broke up with a guy. I still talk to him. He might want me back-not sure. There is another guy who is interested in me now, However he's going through a divorce and keeps putting off seeing me.
My business is suffering because of the pandemic. I'm very worried I won't be able to pay my bills soon.
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
Just can't shake my sadness
I think that i am gaining weight and hard as i try I can not keep it off and i am getting vry put down.
My boyfriend broke up with me after being together for 5 years. He also cheated on me with my best friend.
My boyfriend broke up with me and he had control of all our expenses and now im broke and dont have a place to stay so I feel really depressed
staying at home with kids and stopping outside work
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
Self isolation due to the pandemic. Home with the kids alone every day.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
COVID-19 has completely ruined my family's travel plans. Instead of travelling to see them, we have to stay home.
My job informed me that they will be reducing my hours and not extend my contract.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
my girlfriend was break up with me i found out that she was cheating on me
The current economic downturn has me worried for the future.
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
my kids wont listen to me
we recently broke up and now i am very sad.
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
I quit my full time job as an Administrative Assistant in August 2020 becuase my job did not following Covid-19 roles set up by the State in which I live in. I am struggling to find a job that is WFH since August.
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
I have broken up with my partner of two years, she is amazing but I ended it as I thought my feelings had changed. I broke her heart but now I think I want her back but in afraid she might have moved on.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
Not having enough friends nearby. My three nearby friends went away for holidays, so I have no one to spend time with over this weekend.
Ex girlfriend issues.
i cheated on her
Loss of job and the pandemic
Going to lose my job in January, not sure what to do about that.
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
My manager has decided that everyone will continue to work from home nearly 100% of the time after the pandemic is under control. (Prior to the pandemic, most of us only had one work-from-home day a week.) I really love the work I do, but I've been experiencing depression this past year largely due to my lack of human contact throughout the work day.
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
Lay off from the job
I am worried about losing my job due to COVID
The holiday season has me down
pet died
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
I keep trying to get started, but my kitchen mess seems so overwhelming.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
My friend has passed away and I'm struggling to deal with the grief.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
police shootings of unarmed black people
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
My friend is dating a man who is a drug addict and she doesn't understand why I won't hang out with the two of them.
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about finding a new one.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
trying to find a job with good hours
school keeps dragging on and it's getting very tough to continue
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I made a mistake at work by not calling a placement for a resident and now they are unable to leave in time and my boss is upset.
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
I can't stop eating at work
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
I have so much credit card debt and don't know how I am going to pay it off
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
I had an argument with my parents over my girlfriend.
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
breakup with my lover
I fear that I will not have a job next year, at the beginning of the year. My emotions are in survival mode and I do not want to do anything or buy anything from this fear
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
I dewl shameful for some of my actions in the past
i have no friends
My depression is getting worse and worse due to this pandemic. I feel like things will turn for the worse in my life.
I have finals coming up and I'm very nervous for them.
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
just can not get out of a bad mood
Since COVID-19 I've been trying to help my parents by giving them advice. I tell them to avoid large crowds due to my dad being on Oxygen at night. He doesn't want to listen and goes places without caring. I'm very anxious about him getting sick.
Friends keep calling my face ugly
I keep failing my tests
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
Misunderstanding with friend
my dog died recently
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
Fear of layoff from job
i have depression because recently i lost my job
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
I have to give an important presentation for my academic career and I am stressed about public speaking and my ability to give a coherent presentation
Not really succeeding in college
These mofos are trying to charge me an "administrative processing fee" for helping gather some supplies!! Taxin' my packages man!
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
I drank too much and don't remember what happened last night.
I lost my job and not sure how I will pay for rent.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I have a daughter who has decided to go live with her dad. I'm having a hard time with this. She is 16. And that's her decision. I'm fine with that part but I'm not fine with her not seeing me or spending time with me. 3 months age I grounded her and she's been upset with me ever since. She needed it though. She was getting out of hand. This is my baby girl. Her dad thinks everything is ok. like it is but I feel I have a right to see my daughter as well.
I lost my job and cant find another one
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
I'm so worried about breaking up with my boyfriend that I'm shaking.
I think I need to break up with my girlfriend because my feelings have changed
My partner left me for another woman and I simply can't get over it
My friends and family do not really pay attention to me unless they need me to solve a problem. I am lonely because unless they need something they aren’t there for me. They only seek me out when they are needy
My friends are always leaving me out of activities.
Misunderstanding with friend
I do not know how to move on, nothing makes me happy
Fear of layoff from work
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
My friend's are Trump supporters. It hurts because it does not follow my values and morals.
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
I have a lot of homework and work, and thinking of the future is very stressful, I am not sure how to plan all my work and handle everything.
I studied really hard and failed my math test, i even got a tutor. worst day ever.
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
i am very stressed at work so i have started to look for a new job but can't find anything
COVID-19. has me needing people more.
co workers seem to ignore me and don't say hello, i feel unwanted
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
I have a great friend that has died of corona virus. I am shattered because I could not see her in her last moments or go to her funeral. All we had was facetime. She was only 35 with severe asthma. I am reeling. This happened two weeks ago and my sadness and depression is overwhelming. How can I get over this?
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
I'm so worried about breaking up with my boyfriend that I'm shaking.
I have anxiety to leave my families,
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
I’m feeling anxious about upcoming exam.
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
My boyfriend and I recently broke up due to our long-distance relationship and the impact COVID-19 has had on the travel industry.
My girlfriend broke up with me and now I have no motivation and I am depressed most of the time.
my friend betrayed because she thought i wanted to snatch her boyfriend from her.
Distance learning is difficult. I'm having trouble with school and my grades seem to be dropping.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
covid 19 issues
A co-worker continues to usurp my authority and interfere with my duties / responsibilities.
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
I've always struggled with depression. I just feel hopeless.
My family have lost confidence in me due to my alcoholism. I want to stop but don't know how. I have tried before but some things I go through make me go back. What can I do?
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
breakup with lover
My mind is consumed by depression
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
It is finals week and i have a lot to do. I have been having bad dreams about my grades and future.
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
I was going to marry my girlfriend but she broke up with me a prior to proposing for an unknown reason.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
covid stress
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
I am falling in love with a friend who doesn't return any feelings like this.
I miss my girlfriend so much and she left me for my best friend.
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
facing a breakup with the partner..
I just broke up with my boyfriend. I am really depressed and lonely now.
I am finding the second lockdown intensely difficult to deal with, even worse than the first.
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
I seem to be failing my senior project by no fault of mine or very little fault of mine and proffessors do not want to hear about it.
lose job
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years.
I am retired, but really need to go back to work to earn some extra money. My problem is that it is very difficult physically for me to wear a mask for longer than a few moments. In this time of COVID, I have no choice in the matter. It is causing me anxiety because I need the income.
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
My aunt died a week ago who was 90. Was very close to her.
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
My youngest sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her two children.
My friend is a good friend of mine but he is not a suitor as in I would not want to marry or date him but my fiance still gets bothered by me talking to him. I don't talk to him anymore but can't see why he still considers it microcheating even if I don't talk about our relationship.
I love my parents but they want me to pursue business major while I am doing a psychology major to be Physician Assistant one day. They feel I am letting them down but in reality I want to be in the medicine field. I do not know what to do
there are me and my friend open some new company in my village. the company is run by one year than start the problem in partner ship. he is lie to me the account is not clear in every field so i will very anxiety with my partner
I have finals coming up and I am really nervous and I don't feel prepared.
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
i left my job because i could not take it any more
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
I feel disgusted by the way my teenage daughter dresses up. She wears very tight and revealing clothing. I have tried before to talk to her about modesty but she continues to dress that way.
My boyfriend broke up with me after being together for 5 years. He also cheated on me with my best friend.
I tested positive for Covid.
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
I have naturally suffer from clinical depression
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
I'm bummed about my employer cutting my pay
trying to find a job with good hours
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
I have been overloaded with school work recently. I failed my first exam earlier this week and I am stressed and anxious about my exams later in the week.
I have a daughter who has decided to go live with her dad. I'm having a hard time with this. She is 16. And that's her decision. I'm fine with that part but I'm not fine with her not seeing me or spending time with me. 3 months age I grounded her and she's been upset with me ever since. She needed it though. She was getting out of hand. This is my baby girl. Her dad thinks everything is ok. like it is but I feel I have a right to see my daughter as well.
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
One of my classes is extremely difficult and my professor is not responsive.
How can I cope with losing my boyfriend to another woman?
trying to find a job with good hours
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
overall daily stresses
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
alcoholism
One of my best friends I lived with moved out and screwed us over with the lease and her rent the DAY BEFORE rent was due and then blocked us on everything so that we couldn't ask her to pay.
feel alone. have no one to talk to about things. feel depressed,sad,hopeless. on top of feeling depressed i am also stressed out about my finances
I lost my job in January. Because of my health, I am afraid of taking a job outside home. So I am trying to make money on MTurk and YouTube.
I just don't really feel enthused about anything right now. I feel like I can't make any future plans, and that I don't have anything to look forward to.
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
related to the current pandemic
Loss of job and the pandemic
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
I broke up with partner , my friend sent me pic of her hubby etc
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
Hello. My baby of 11 years had passed away last week. This would be my pomeranian and I am devastated. I am fearful now of getting another puppy during Corona.
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
I can't stop eating at work
my girlfriend was break up with me i found out that she was cheating on me
Anxiety about losing my job
academic pressures
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
my club is giving me a fuck headache, I cannot do without Arsenal but they are fucking up on a big time
I learned that my friend's husband was shot and killed over a drug deal. He was high at the time. My daughter carpools with his daughter every day and he was often the driver. Was he high when he was driving her around? I don't know how to act around my friend. Did she know?
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
as a new mom , i wanted to spend much time with baby , i took break from work but my mind became too lazy to get back work so i lost job .still my brain not yet all agree for try new job because of baby .I need much money to take care of entire family of 6 .I shame on my self why i thinking like this
My supervisor recently resigned from my organization and I am worried that I cannot step up and fill her role. I want that role too!
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
The fact that my job does not take my health seriously
I've been just really sad recently and I don't know how to bring my mood up
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
They are always demotivate my economic status. It hurts me a lot
freind is a drunk and nobody told her besides me now she is mad at me
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
Fear about losing a job
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
I feel like my friends don't care about me at all. When we get together all they want to do is talk about their lives. When I raise something that is bothering me they just make some trite response and then move back to what they want to talk about.
I've dealt with a lot of stress lately, even before the covid 19 was even heard of. It's ongoing now. I have even more now.
I just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
Quit job due to stress. Trying to find a good job that is remote and not soul numbing has been hard. I just want to be a stay at home person. I have anxiety about job search.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
I feel like my employees are working against me.
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
i have no friends
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
its hard for me to find a job
CoVid has created a situation where I have to work from home all the time and I am unsure whether I will be employed next month
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
I was laid off from my job
I want to move out of my state with my boyfriend and I think I would want to leave earlier than May. How do I tell him?
It is finals week and i have a lot to do. I have been having bad dreams about my grades and future.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
I love my friends. But sometimes I feel as if I can't really be myself around them without being judged for doing something. I've known them for quite a long time now. I don't know if i am just being sensitive or what, but I feel like I'm the one that gets bullied in the friend group.
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
Lay off from the job
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
My account went into the negative this morning.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
Not able to find suitable job
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
My husband keeps wasting money and we are having a hard time making ends meet. We'd be fine if he didn't overspend, but he's addicted to it.
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
End of job contract
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
i lost job in covid ,i lost my home due to unpaid of mortgage ..full in stress how to pay homeloans and how to get new job in this covid situations
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
Parents pressuring me to do well in studies
These mofos are trying to charge me an "administrative processing fee" for helping gather some supplies!! Taxin' my packages man!
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
I cannot deal with the death of a parent. This was some years ago but still badly affects me.
My set of friends with include 6 close women are falling apart because of not communicating often and not being physically close to one another. It is really weird how being apart from one another can really change strong relationships. I am still close with everyone but I can not say the same about everyone else. We have all known each other for 25 years and it makes me sad and anxious that when we come out corona it won't be the same. Specifically, two of my besties are arguing with each other over a piece of sensitive gossip that was shared outside our group. Someone feels betrayed and I want to help them both without taking sides.
I've been experiencing repeated romantic rejections from potential mates.
Distance learning is difficult. I'm having trouble with school and my grades seem to be dropping.
I dewl shameful for some of my actions in the past
I recently broke up with my boyfriend and I'm having a hard time because it's almost the holidays.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
The pandemic is causing my company to close. I am now going to be searching for a job in a saturated market!
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
My roommate says she wants me to move out.
I'm angry at my mother, she never seems to understand me and always criticize everything I do whether good or bad.
stree leads to depression
when i lost my job and i was at home for long time due to no job i felt very shame on me and eat lot and gained much weight so i felt so lonely and no job no body structure no boy friend .i am literally nothing
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
I broke up with a partner and I’m verbally upset and emotionally upset as well
I keep failing my classes and cannot seem to catch up
My mother recently passed, a month ago due to being an alcoholic for many years.
I broke up with a guy. I still talk to him. He might want me back-not sure. There is another guy who is interested in me now, However he's going through a divorce and keeps putting off seeing me.
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
I have a daughter who has decided to go live with her dad. I'm having a hard time with this. She is 16. And that's her decision. I'm fine with that part but I'm not fine with her not seeing me or spending time with me. 3 months age I grounded her and she's been upset with me ever since. She needed it though. She was getting out of hand. This is my baby girl. Her dad thinks everything is ok. like it is but I feel I have a right to see my daughter as well.
My uncle passed away a couple of days ago and I have really been going through it because I have lost 5 other family members this year
I fear that I will not have a job next year, at the beginning of the year. My emotions are in survival mode and I do not want to do anything or buy anything from this fear
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
We've been together for a long time and he decided to call it quits.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
lost job went to prison
covid stress
I just lost my job of seven years and am anxious about finding a new one during the holidays in a pandemic.
I am supposed to be getting married overseas but I cannot because of the border policy due to COVID
Ive been trying to get with some of friends to hang out maybe just for a couple hours just to catch up. But no-one seems like they want to be bothered due to covid. But the other day I called this particularly person and she said that they were all out having lunch, So why wasn't I included?
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
Catching up with academic deadlines
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
i cheated on her
I am depressed staying at home due to COVID.
My ongoing depression is getting worse due to this pandemic.
My girlfriend broke up with me recently. Really not feeling it right now, especially since I could've dedicated more time to her after exams but she got fed up. I guess I'm just alone for Christmas.
constant fighting
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
I seem to be failing my senior project by no fault of mine or very little fault of mine and proffessors do not want to hear about it.
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I have a daughter who has decided to go live with her dad. I'm having a hard time with this. She is 16. And that's her decision. I'm fine with that part but I'm not fine with her not seeing me or spending time with me. 3 months age I grounded her and she's been upset with me ever since. She needed it though. She was getting out of hand. This is my baby girl. Her dad thinks everything is ok. like it is but I feel I have a right to see my daughter as well.
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
I just can't seem to get motivated to do anything, I feel like I have nothing to live for.
My dog died
Struggling to find work
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
i have a sleep problem past one month.night time i can not sleep.some of fear i fell everyday night time
I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
I keep failing my classes and cannot seem to catch up
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
My health is crazy and I may have to face a major surgery. I have a severe auto immune disorder and even though I've had it for 8 years you never get used to it.
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
the current pandemic
fight with the partner
I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not because we are fighting a lot
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
I'm in depression because my kids not listen to me.
My husband keeps putting me down and calling me names
I have a friend that completely screwed me out of money on a business venture.
I suffer from chronic depression and stress due to a number of factors. Currently, life is very overwhelming with medical issues plaguing myself, my husband and our two children. I can't catch a break and I'm feeling overwhelmed.
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I am worried I do not play the politics game well enough for the growth I want.
My girlfriend broke up with me because of race.
my best friend became phys-co and torturing all his friends by blackmailing all photos with him.he started with me also i got so much fear and issues
Had an issue with my wife concerning my drinking habits where she complained that I had of late been drinking soo much. There was a confrontation that almost led to a breakup and now we are not talking. The situation is serious
impending academic deadlines
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
My partner left me for another woman and I simply can't get over it
My friend thinks I put her second ever since I had children and she no longer wants to continue our 13 year friendship
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
trying to find a job with good hours
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
breakup with partner
need for good grades
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
Covid 20 is now in situation.This makes me fear.We couldnt predict our future.
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
I cheated on my boyfriend and I don't want to tell him. I feel really bad because he is a great person.
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
suicide
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
i worry that they will never stop pressuring me to go back to work. even though i have a disability that keeps me from doing that. the thought of talking about it makes me feel major anxiety
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
i cheated on her
Everything was going crazy in the world with COVID. I was worried about my daughter and her education. Then suddenly, I lose a lot of my hours at work and have to quit one of my jobs due to the virus and becoming her main caretaker again. This really makes me nervous because the price of everything is continually going up and I have little excess money to spend.
JUST LOST A FRIEND , A VERY CLOSE TIGHT FRIEND THAT WAS ALWAYS THERE FOR ME
Depressed due to a breakup
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
I have a final in my class tomorrow, and if I don't get at least a B on the exam I might not pass the class.
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
Not able to find suitable job
My friends are always leaving me out of activities.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
my friend has a new friend
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
I am so scared of going out and finding a job due to Covid 19 but I need to work right now . my bills are piling up
Basically the loneliness of the season and being forced to seclude because of the virus.
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
I am having financial problems and i am worried i will not be able afford my kids christmas presents.
My friends and family do not really pay attention to me unless they need me to solve a problem. I am lonely because unless they need something they aren’t there for me. They only seek me out when they are needy
I feel very bad to work on remotely. It sucks me and i cant anage the work life balance on this covid pandamic. It really hard to manage my time with my family and they expect more from us hence we are in work from home.
I feel like I am never going to be good enough to make it on my own. I'm struggling with finding a job right now, paying for anything for myself, and taking care of my teenage son who's driving me nuts as he's doing school from home. I really feel like I'm in a pit that I'll never get out of.
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
I can not find a career i am stressing
My company is making people redundant and I am stressed.
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
I am very anxious about loved ones with COVID right now and finances this close to the Holidays
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
Fear of layoff from my job
I have nobody in my life that supports me. No purpose to my life. My husband treats me like dirt. I am just so frustrated with being sad all the time but just when I think it is looking up, I get knocked down again.
i caught my boyfriend cheating with a friend
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
Not able to find suitable job
I recently broke up with my boyfriend and I'm having a hard time because it's almost the holidays.
My girlfriend broke up with me recently. Really not feeling it right now, especially since I could've dedicated more time to her after exams but she got fed up. I guess I'm just alone for Christmas.
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
I am dealing with a COVID-19 quarantining situation. Can't interact with family and friends. Wife is super paranoid about the virus.
My friends are always leaving me out of activities.
I will lose my job in January
Ive been trying to get with some of friends to hang out maybe just for a couple hours just to catch up. But no-one seems like they want to be bothered due to covid. But the other day I called this particularly person and she said that they were all out having lunch, So why wasn't I included?
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
I am having trouble getting over the loss of a friendship that was important to me. I was very close to someone who acted as though he was my best friend but secretly didn't care for me at all. Eventually he told me so, and every time I think about it it feels like a punch in the stomach, even years later.
COVID, job pressure, stress with partner, sharing custody of my son, recuperating from cancer treatment
I asked my friend if she would go to the store with me because I was feeling down and overwhelmed with kids. She said she was too tired so she would have to pass this time. I was angry because I always support her when she is down or needs it. When I need it, she is nowhere to be seen. It's okay I guess for her to be depressed, but no one else can, because she has already monopolized that emotion. How can you ask someone for help when you are feeling depressed when they are depressed themselves?
New boss who is difficult
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
daily stresses
I've had some degree of depression for a long time. Longer than this damn pandemic. I've always been a homebody but not leaving the house at all for almost three months was a lot. A lot has happened over the past year and I'm not sure how to handle it all. I feel alone even when there are people around.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
My manager does not respect COVID guidelines or protect my safety.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
cant get araise but rent went up
My partner broke up with me. He cheated on me.
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
I have not been able to find a job
I've been given some feedback in work that has really annoyed me and I think I should complain about it.
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
My boyfriend just told me that he wants to break up because he doesn't see a future because he never wants to get married but I do.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
No money to celebrate christiamass
My parents are always telling me I should be disciplining my children differently. Things are different than when they raised us.
My boyfriend broke up with me because he didn't want a relationship with someone who had kids.
I am depressed and always angry. I lose my temper and say racist things to people, and am miserable to be around. I got mad at my father inlaw for talking badly about President Trump on Thanksgiving, and I called everyone "a bunch of nigger lovers" and stormed out of the house. Been angry ever since.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
I just have no energy and feel helpless about current events.
I'm angry at my mother, she never seems to understand me and always criticize everything I do whether good or bad.
Just the virus and loneliness. Isolation
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
One of my best friends I lived with moved out and screwed us over with the lease and her rent the DAY BEFORE rent was due and then blocked us on everything so that we couldn't ask her to pay.
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
I have been feeling kinda down lately since my pet died. I miss her so much.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about finding a new one.
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
covid
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
My friend decided to leave her husband to pursue a woman and I don't support her.
i cheated on her
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
I have anxiety to leave my families,
Not being able to visit parents for Thanksgiving because of Covid.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
Husband left me for someone else.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
I got an email from my job that they will not extend my job and will have to leave.
I am getting a divorce. My ex is fighting a lot over child support and visitation.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday. I had been with her for years and now living life without her feels heart breaking.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
no specific event to describe
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
COVID-19 has changed the way we learn and the last year has been really difficult. I don't feel as connected in my classes and I plan to apply to grad school. I don't know how this will affect me as I begin to think about programs to apply to next year.
I feel disgusted by the way my teenage daughter dresses up. She wears very tight and revealing clothing. I have tried before to talk to her about modesty but she continues to dress that way.
Husband left me for someone else.
friends trying to let me down
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
daily stresses
my fiance and I broke up last week
I am unemployed right now and its hard for me to find a job where I can earn enough to support my family
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
I lost friend as she does not reach out to me anymore and wonder why.
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
The person ghosted me after we had an argument and I am really upset about it.
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
loss of job
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
I have recently been diagnosed with cancer. I am currently undergoing chemo. The whole situation has caused my anxiety and depression to be so much worse.
I'm breaking up with my partner tomorrow and I'm so anxious.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
stree leads to depression
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
I had some recent car trouble and the problem has gotten worse. It has caused the mechanic bill to get bigger and bigger and I don't know how I am going to pay for it.
nothing i do pleases my boss
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
I have so much credit card debt and don't know how I am going to pay it off
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
I used to love my field of study, But soon after entering the university I started skipping the classes and failing. I lost my interest and there was nothing to motivate me.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
I feel like my friends are trying to avoid me.
I have 6 finals that are coming up soon, and i need to do well in order to have a good GPA for medical school
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
I don't have enough money to buy my kids christmas gifts.
Not sure how to explain that I want out of marriage
I just got layed off.
I broke up with my girlfriend and sad about it
The holiday season has me down
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
overall daily stresses
covid depression
thinking about what classes are best to take in order to get a job
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
I am severely stressed about my college course and my grades during the pandemic.
I was fired.
Parents are pressuring me to become a doctor
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
Since COVID-19 I've been trying to help my parents by giving them advice. I tell them to avoid large crowds due to my dad being on Oxygen at night. He doesn't want to listen and goes places without caring. I'm very anxious about him getting sick.
My friend didn't like it that he dumped me. She told him he was an idiot to do that.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
my girlfriend was break up with me i found out that she was cheating on me
I have a friend that has admitted that she was using heroin. She got help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if she is really off the heroin. I will talk to her and it is like she gets sleepy and nods off. I have talked to her and she gets mad and denies and says I am not supporting her getting help and that this is why addicts go back to drugs because they are always accused.
My industry has been shut down since March due to covid-19 and I've been struggling to find work that is safe for me to do (I have asthma and a blood disorder that compromises my immune system), haven't had any success with unemployment and really just very stressed about money.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I may lose a job
Pressures from my parent to be the top of the class
breakup with partner
lose job
effects of the pandemic
I am worried about losing my job due to COVID
I wanted to start having sex with other women from the Internet and my wife would not allow it.
I became jobless. My boss and I had a disagreement and she terminated me.
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
I've been just really sad recently and I don't know how to bring my mood up
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
I have no job
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
Fear about losing a job
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
I'm fearful of where I'll be living in the future.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I broke up with my boyfriend and that really depressed me because we have been together for like a long time. I feel very sad and alone. I actually feel like I can't go on with it.
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
Lay off from the job
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
Since covid I havent been doing as well in school. I'm very upset and ashamed at my self
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
recently i lost my job
found out my fiance was cheating on me
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
I am retired, but really need to go back to work to earn some extra money. My problem is that it is very difficult physically for me to wear a mask for longer than a few moments. In this time of COVID, I have no choice in the matter. It is causing me anxiety because I need the income.
in this covid time , my job in trouble .I tested covid positive and unble to attended my office hours fro 2 months .My manager thought i joined another company but i was not yet all healthy to do any job .And i became pregnant in this covid time .I scaring how can i handle baby and job .I need much money but my manager not agree to give job
Well we are at different places in our lives. My partner wants to leave to go to another state to be with her cousin. I want to stay around the family we have here already.
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
Trying to find a job
My boss recently left the company and I am not getting the information from her boss that I need. It is worrisome.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I did not study and did poorly on a test.
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
My friend who's a year ahead of me in school is looking at jobs in an entirely different part of the country that I was looking at grad schools in, but she expects me to follow her there, which had previously been our plan.
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
I am very depressed. I always have been. I don't know how to fix it. I've tried therapy and medicine but they don't seem to work.
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
My boyfriend left me after I confronted him about cheating on me. He admitted to cheating and was happy I knew. Then he told me he had been trying to figure out how to leave me and I now made it easy for him.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
I have to give up my parrot because I am now blind and have to move. I cant take teh parrot with me.
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
I lost my job 4 month ago and I am running out of money.
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
as a new mom , i wanted to spend much time with baby , i took break from work but my mind became too lazy to get back work so i lost job .still my brain not yet all agree for try new job because of baby .I need much money to take care of entire family of 6 .I shame on my self why i thinking like this
There is an event that happened about 5 years ago that I think started this emotion for me.It is ongoing and has affected all parts of my life.
lots of problems happening in my life so many family issues
Having been having panic attacks more often now that we are in quarantined
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
my family neglected me
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
My family have lost confidence in me due to my alcoholism. I want to stop but don't know how. I have tried before but some things I go through make me go back. What can I do?
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
my boyfriend left me out of the blue. he is not responding anything clearly. he is avoiding me now.
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
i cant do well in school and they mock me
For a long time I have struggled with depression
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
I was homeless. I had to leave a place I loved. It was mentally a bad state.
I lost my job, my car was just repossessed and my bills are all behind.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about finding a new one.
I am fighting with my parents because I am 17 and have just began my first relationship and my parents have grounded me after finding out that I am dating before the age of 18
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
I have a job that does not fulfill my goals for myself. I used to love my job but coronavirus has made it hard to enjoy. It is frequent that I have nothing to do and instead sit at my desk and think about all the other things I could do.
I broke up with my ex partner and found out they cheated on me
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
I met Ivy a couple of years ago at the park. It only took one glimpse to feel my heart sparked. We kicked off things slowly, its been two years now. She confessed her love to me and I did the same. I was planning to propose to her when i found out she is pregnant with another mans child. I am broken, my future is no more and I feel my life is meaningless
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
My partner left me after 7 years and broke up with me over text.
I just feel really depressed all the time, I feel like my life has no meaning
My curly hair is so unruly
My son has bipolar disorder and he is only 9. He has delusions and has lost his mind for a month now. He is in the hospital and I am terrified he won't get it back. He has delusions and I'm worried.
i don't understand the course
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
I am fighting with my parents because I am 17 and have just began my first relationship and my parents have grounded me after finding out that I am dating before the age of 18
Nervous about a test in the future because I do not know if I am learning well enough because of lack of in-person teaching.
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
I'm feeling very lonely lately and I don't have many friends to turn to. This makes me sad because I've always had only a few friends but now they have families and kids and I feel more alone than ever.
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I have a horrible professor that has not adapted to technology well for COVID. There is one week left and he just assigned a major lab to do at home out of nowhere.He's also horrible at communicating.
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
Struggling to find work
my best friend became phys-co and torturing all his friends by blackmailing all photos with him.he started with me also i got so much fear and issues
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I interviewed for.
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
pet died
My parents are always telling me I should be disciplining my children differently. Things are different than when they raised us.
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
I can't go on a day without having a glass of alcohol
I live with four friends/ housemates. I like them, but at the same time we are stuck together every day 24/7. Small things add up; I am getting increasingly annoyed by their behaviors and their inconsideration for others.
School has been putting a lot of pressure on me recently. Especially with finals going on.
I broke up with my partner.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
Me and my girlfriend got into a fight over holiday break that I thought could be fixed but instead ended up in us breaking up
I lost my job and cant find another one
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
I recently had a baby and iam facing postpartum depression
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
realizing im almost done with current degree
covid no work
I just feel like every one hates me and no one really wants to be my friend. It feels like when someone is nice to me they are just doing it as a favor and they don’t really like me or care about me
I am depressed about Covid and being restricted from going places.
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
covid
My ex partner is harassing me and will not stop talking to my friends and family.
I've just been feeling tired and sad lately especially with everything that's going on
I am sad about not having family near me. I am in a town all alone.
my friend stud me up for a weekend trip cost was then all on me and she has been badmouthing me ever since. Saying I am the bad person because of a voicemail left her
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
I am suffering from health anxiety and staying home and aftiad of going out
I am really good at self-isolating. I am in a new area and do not really have any friends nor really have the want from most people. Though I do feel lonely at times.
General daily stresses
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
I feel like I won't ever get a proper job and move out of my parents' home.
I married a divorcee. She was not honest with me. I felt sympathy about her previous marriage. She was not honest about her real problems. She treated me horribly. I had to leave.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
COVID, job pressure, stress with partner, sharing custody of my son, recuperating from cancer treatment
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
I work in the night. I have to sleep in the day. This is for throughout the year. I strive for sound sleeping. I become depressed of insufficient sleeping.
A few things happened in my office that on and off stressed me out, including an odd pay period and a hostile coworker.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I have been feeling kinda down lately since my pet died. I miss her so much.
My partner is abusing me for not earning money..I feel like ending my life instead of all the abuses being faced in life.
My mind is consumed by depression
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. I WANT TO ACHEIVE SOMETHING IN MY LIFE. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS AND ALSO I THINK ABOUT IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. SO THIS MAKES ME DEPRESSED PERSON AND EVEN I CAN'T TALK WITH MY FRIENDS WELL
Trying to adapt to teaching students online and feeling like I am failing them
I have this certification program I took about two years ago that allowed me to be marketable out there and it's about to expire. I'm currently under pressure to retake the certification and I'm not quite ready. I will loose my license if I don't , time is running out and I currently feel lost in the predicament I have found myself.
Misunderstanding with friend
I had an argument with my parents over my girlfriend.
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
My thesis is due tomorrow and we have to do an individual presentation about our topics. I feel prepared but I know one professor that knows she intimidates me. I am just a nervous wreck.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for another one at this time.
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
i c ant beleive how some of my friends voted
My parents are always telling me I should be disciplining my children differently. Things are different than when they raised us.
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
Not sure how to explain that I want out of marriage
I have just realized I will never be able to afford a real house for my family and feel horrible,
Husband of 9 years walked out on me and our children a few months ago. Working hard to try and make ends meat on my own.
I cannot deal with the death of a parent. This was some years ago but still badly affects me.
I don't have enough money to pay bills. I am so scared. I need help.
With everything going on, my depression has taking a turn for the worst.
I was in a relationship with the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen or been with. We have been dating for about 3 years and I was planning on spending the rest of my life with her. But I eventually lost her and everything all in a matter of months.
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
My longtime partner revealed that they cheated on me during the pandemic and I've very very sad about it
I have been recently laid out because of COVID-19 and not solved yet.
The current economic downturn has me worried for the future.
JUST LOST A FRIEND , A VERY CLOSE TIGHT FRIEND THAT WAS ALWAYS THERE FOR ME
Constantly arguing with my best friend, we never see eye to eye on important things on my life.
My job is based on demand and the current economic state makes less demand.
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
Friends keep calling my face ugly
my boyfriend left me out of the blue. he is not responding anything clearly. he is avoiding me now.
I am 50 and returning to school because I am out of work. I am, having a very tough time.
impending academic deadlines
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
My partner left me for another woman and I simply can't get over it
i just broke up with my girlfriend last week. I found her cheating
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
getting new year present for my parent
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
I seem to be failing my senior project by no fault of mine or very little fault of mine and proffessors do not want to hear about it.
I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
I am angry because my friend judged me for not buying my nephew a birthday gift.
I left my home due to income reduction, and live with sibling.
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
A co-worker continues to usurp my authority and interfere with my duties / responsibilities.
My manager does not respect COVID guidelines or protect my safety.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
My dog died
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
I don't have enough money to pay bills. I am so scared. I need help.
i caught my boyfriend cheating with a friend
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
Me and my friend got into an argument and are not in speaking terms
I am 50 and returning to school because I am out of work. I am, having a very tough time.
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
i have no friends
I cannot deal with the death of a parent. This was some years ago but still badly affects me.
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
I fear that I might never be loved again. I feel so lonely.
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
Me and my girlfriend got into a fight over holiday break that I thought could be fixed but instead ended up in us breaking up
Near failing a class that will pretty much depend my future career
My best friend is addicted to meth
I used to love my field of study, But soon after entering the university I started skipping the classes and failing. I lost my interest and there was nothing to motivate me.
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
I recently left my job because of a toxic environment but now I'm having trouble finding another and I'm running out of money.
Lost my job and unable to find the new on
I was given reduced hours at work and there might be a chance I could get laid off because I just started and there is lack of work. However, my expenses are the same and income is reducing.
i talk with my friendship
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
finals are this week and i'm freaking out
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
I need a job but finding one that doesn't require weekends is almost impossible. There are no day cares in my area that watch kids on the weekend so that is another delima.
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
Have an essay due Monday and haven’t even finished the lessons. I feel like I shouldn’t be doing this degree
My best friend has been very demanding, and I'm very upset.
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
My friend is a lier and a cheater. I know it.
Fights on my friends circle some conversation going to long and some bad talking to both of us.
I can not seem to find a job no matter how hard I try. My last job was cut short because of all the pandemic restrictions. I'm so depressed.
My partner broke up with me and I'm really upset about this we've been together for 4 years and all of a sudden they decided that they didn't want to continue the relationship
Nothing special just an ongoing thing i've been dealing with since my daughter was born.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
No money to celebrate christiamass
I met Ivy a couple of years ago at the park. It only took one glimpse to feel my heart sparked. We kicked off things slowly, its been two years now. She confessed her love to me and I did the same. I was planning to propose to her when i found out she is pregnant with another mans child. I am broken, my future is no more and I feel my life is meaningless
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
I recently had a baby and iam facing postpartum depression
breakup with my lover
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
A few days ago I fell walking down some stairs and chipped my two front teeth and also broke my foot. I need to get surgery on my foot, and get my teeth fixed at the dentist with a couple crowns.
I applied with a lot of companies and never hear back. I need money for the holidays.
Constant feeling that I might be laid off. I really like my job and it pays good. I have a family and cannot afford to lose job. It will be super hard for me to find new job. I just never know then and if I get laid off. I work in cruise industry and it has been few tough months.
I'm in depression because my kids not listen to me.
My current position will be eliminated within 6 months. I am very anxious and concerned that I will likely not find another position at mu current salary level.
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
With everything going on, my depression has taking a turn for the worst.
CoVid has created a situation where I have to work from home all the time and I am unsure whether I will be employed next month
I can't fall asleep as my mind races at night
The current economic downturn has me worried for the future.
i was furloughed
Losing Job
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
lots of problems happening in my life so many family issues
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
Iam feeling very sadness after breaking up with my girlfriend.
Anxiety about losing my job
I cheated on my boyfriend and I don't want to tell him. I feel really bad because he is a great person.
Work is extremely stressful. I work 12 hour days and I feel like I have no time to do the things I like.
not communicative all of a sudden, not wanting to speak over phone too
Fear of layoff from job
Fights on my friends circle some conversation going to long and some bad talking to both of us.
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
I am severely stressed about my college course and my grades during the pandemic.
I TALK WITH MY FRIENDSHIP
My job terminated a lot of people recently and I am afraid that they will do that again and I may lose my job if that happens
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
The pandemic is causing my company to close. I am now going to be searching for a job in a saturated market!
Recently divorced my husband of eight years after finding out he married another women overseas.
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
effects of the pandemic
I have a problem with a job. I can't find the job for a long time. When the covid started most of the jobs was closed. As I dont have any higher education, it's hard to find a real one with a good salary. But as all jobs, like waiters, adn so on still closed, it get me the depression.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
My grandfather's brother passed away a few days ago and I'm depressed because of it.
what ever i study, i am not able to remember the contents which is necessary for my academic tests
My uncle passed away a couple of days ago and I have really been going through it because I have lost 5 other family members this year
I have struggled with depression for a while but recently it seems to be getting worse, with no clear reason.
I am worry about lost the job during this pandemic.
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
My boyfriend broke up with me, but we live together and have roommates. Now he is turning the roommates against me.
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
i keep feeling as though i'm not doing well. i have a job but i don't seem to be very good at it and i don't want to lose it. i am fearful that i will
I want to hangout with friends but I don't have the motivation
Being stuck at home all day with 3 kid and barely able to leave the house. I am feeling so overwhelmed and exhausted.
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
i want to change my situation and improve but i am so depressed i don't have the energy to look for a job much less perform them adequately. on top of that my town has almost no jobs (2 thousand people in central Kansas)
i have an exam coming up and i have not studied and its too late to cover the course work
suicide
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
I am in a crisis over my employer not having enough money to pay me. It is really causing me to be fearful.
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
My boyfriend left me for another person. I loved him so much, and I just can't seem to get over him
I can not find a career i am stressing
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
My longtime partner revealed that they cheated on me during the pandemic and I've very very sad about it
I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
I keep procrastinating cleaning, doing crafts, etc, stuff that I want to do and to get done, but that I seem to be unmotivated to do. It's frustrating.
co workers seem to ignore me and don't say hello, i feel unwanted
I am worry about lost the job during this pandemic.
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
Due to this pandemic, I've been feeling more depressed than ever. I am fearful for my job and my financials. Not a day goes by I don't think about my financial situation. If this pandemic keeps going on, my financial situation will worsen.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I was in the store and there were two other women. They were whispering to each other and looking at me. I could hear a couple words and they were making fun of my hair and the way I dress. People just don't accept me. It's hard to feel so different.
I have finals coming up soon and I also have a lot of other stuff going on in my life and I am very stressed.
My boyfriend cheated on me a year ago but I just found out. It was with my best friend and I am so grossed out and mad.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
Not having enough friends nearby. My three nearby friends went away for holidays, so I have no one to spend time with over this weekend.
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
My friends and family do not really pay attention to me unless they need me to solve a problem. I am lonely because unless they need something they aren’t there for me. They only seek me out when they are needy
I can't stand him!!!
I'm worried I will never find love again and I'm not getting any younger
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
I keep trying to get started, but my kitchen mess seems so overwhelming.
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
I have a large test and don't feel prepared
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
Friends keep calling my face ugly
I broke up with my girlfriend.
i don't understand the course
My friends talk behind my back and always try to get me in trouble but don't show it.
as a new mom , i wanted to spend much time with baby , i took break from work but my mind became too lazy to get back work so i lost job .still my brain not yet all agree for try new job because of baby .I need much money to take care of entire family of 6 .I shame on my self why i thinking like this
what ever i study, i am not able to remember the contents which is necessary for my academic tests
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
I cannot paint at art school
I am isolated due to covid and don't see the situation getting better any time soon.
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
My kids are driving me crazy now that we are all having to work and school our kids from home. My husband and I both work from home now because of Corona. My 15 year old boy and 8 year old girl argue after they finish schooling and my husband and I are still working. It is starting to interrupt the quality of our work, Any suggestions? They are going crazy since the emergence of the Corona Virus.
fight with the partner
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
I recently faced a breakup with my partner..
I have to give an important presentation for my academic career and I am stressed about public speaking and my ability to give a coherent presentation
trying to find a job in this town is almost impossible, it is either fast food, walmart, or if you know someone the chemical plants. i need to get out of the place i am in or i am going to go insane. i cant do that without more income.
I can't seem to make any friends - always left on my own and no-one to talk to
breakup with lover
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
I dont know what to do with out her.
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
For the past couple years, I've been dealing with depression. I'm lonely, sad, scared and worried. I feel like there's no reason to live.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for my job.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. I WANT TO ACHEIVE SOMETHING IN MY LIFE. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS AND ALSO I THINK ABOUT IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. SO THIS MAKES ME DEPRESSED PERSON AND EVEN I CAN'T TALK WITH MY FRIENDS WELL
I am always in the mood of depression. I thought every thing going to be happen to me in wrong way
I have finals coming up soon and I also have a lot of other stuff going on in my life and I am very stressed.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
My girlfriend broke up with me recently. Really not feeling it right now, especially since I could've dedicated more time to her after exams but she got fed up. I guess I'm just alone for Christmas.
Just can't shake my sadness
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
Fear of losing my job
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
I have no job
Working as a teacher, I find it very hard to get students who don't care to engage with work. 90% of students are fine, but the other 10% are impossible as I have no support from management.
I'm fearful of where I'll be living in the future.
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
My youngest sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her two children.
They want me to work on a project with them. I agreed to it. Wondering how it will go.
co workers seem to ignore me and don't say hello, i feel unwanted
crippling homework and procrastination i cant keep up in class
I have not been able to find a job
I am upset with my best friend over the results of the election. We generally agree not to discuss politics, but the controversy over Biden's win over Trump has us split. I am angry that she keeps bringing it up.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
lots of problems happening in my life so many family issues
I'm worried that my job is in jeopardy.
I recently made a mistake at work that I could get in trouble for, and I am nervous to approach my manager about my mistake.
I lost my job.
I broke up with a guy. I still talk to him. He might want me back-not sure. There is another guy who is interested in me now, However he's going through a divorce and keeps putting off seeing me.
Jobs are competitive
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
Daily, normal activites of life are hard for me to be motivated to do or to complete them at all due to my depression. I feel ashamed that I am not like other people who can complete things like hygiene care without a struggle.
Loss of job and the pandemic
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
I can not seem to find a job no matter how hard I try. My last job was cut short because of all the pandemic restrictions. I'm so depressed.
I LOVE MY FRIEND BUT TODAY FIGHT
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
I cannot deal with the death of a parent. This was some years ago but still badly affects me.
This time is too hard for me fine a jobs which require me to search and get pay for unemployment.
i don't understand the course
Depressed due to a breakup
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
ongoing depression every day . It s hard to even get out of bed
I don't think my current job is right for me. I have been doing it for 7 years and it's all I know. I don't know what to do for the best.
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
I can't go on a day without having a glass of alcohol
I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not because we are fighting a lot
My friend is not treating me the way that a friend is supposed to be treating me
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
I married a divorcee. She was not honest with me. I felt sympathy about her previous marriage. She was not honest about her real problems. She treated me horribly. I had to leave.
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
Just the virus and loneliness. Isolation
I have nobody in my life that supports me. No purpose to my life. My husband treats me like dirt. I am just so frustrated with being sad all the time but just when I think it is looking up, I get knocked down again.
I have lost my job because of COVID19
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
My best friend can be kind of a tool when he is drinking alcohol. I think that he forgets to chill out sometimes and says stuff that is upsetting and does not think it through when he is saying is. Recently this occurred when talking about politics. In general we have the same beliefs but he put it over the top.
masters degree
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
My best friend has been very demanding, and I'm very upset.
Life in general has been hard for me and my husband has been really sick for weeks now.
My grandfather's brother passed away a few days ago and I'm depressed because of it.
my boyfriend of three years has been cheating on me.
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
I have to pass my test to pass the course. I'm am crazy nervous and can't sleep.
I have a horrible professor that has not adapted to technology well for COVID. There is one week left and he just assigned a major lab to do at home out of nowhere.He's also horrible at communicating.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
I've been experiencing repeated romantic rejections from potential mates.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
I am unable to work at my job anymore due to a poor supervisor who made my work much more difficult.
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
i feel like my life is in a rut
I am sad about not having family near me. I am in a town all alone.
I am worried about a friend. Since lockdown they have not been in contact and whenever I try to get in touch with them they rarely respond.
I work a dead end job.
I don't think my current job is right for me. I have been doing it for 7 years and it's all I know. I don't know what to do for the best.
My new supervisor hates me. She already hated me before she was my boss. In addition to being a terrible manager, she has made a personal goal to inhibit my ability to do my job. She has taken from me all parts of my job that I value. This upsets me personally and I am sad & angry that the rest of my team, who I care about, is no longer supported. We have no recourse to solve this problem.
I have a large test and don't feel prepared
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
Covid 19 stress with the added stress of the holduas
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
Fear of layoff from my job
academic pressure
I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I interviewed for.
In my youthful exuberance for entertainment, I had ditched study plans with my high school friend while we were in college to go play video games with some of my new college friends. After this event, I lost my high school friends
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
My close friend died because of Covid-19 last month, it bothers me a lot and i constantly feel depression.
My mind is consumed by depression
cant get araise but rent went up
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
I'm feeling so depressed lately. The holidays are coming and I just want to stay in bed under the covers.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for another one at this time.
Raising grandson and he is being very difficult and not listening. I also have a lot of medical issues that limit my abilities. And my grandson's father is no help, he just drops him off and leaves, never asks if need anything or how I am doing.
I can not seem to find a job no matter how hard I try. My last job was cut short because of all the pandemic restrictions. I'm so depressed.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
i left my job, and moved across the country without another job lined up. it's been 3 months since i have worked. and this is compounded by a lot of feelings of loss and grieving as i left a job of 8 years.
i feel like my life is in a rut
I have just broken up with my girlfriend
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
breakup with partner
Car accident led to traumatic brain injury and PTSD having nightmares 2x a week.
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
My beautiful Daughter is married to a man that does not treat her well. Gas-lights her continiually. This has rubbed off on their 5 year old daughter.
Parents pressuring me to do well in studies
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
I have to repeat one of my classes over winter break, but I have plans with family. I will lose my scholarship if i dont pass
I broke up with partner , my friend sent me pic of her hubby etc
I always make my goals ealry and every so often before an breakthrough I make the best cut I can get. I want to make myself less suscepatable to self sabotage and intrusions.
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
realizing im almost done with current degree
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
my boyfriend of three years has been cheating on me.
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
I am angry because I think my husband is controlling but he says I dont understand what controlling is
My mental health (innatentive ADHD) cannot be properly medicated with the recommended medication because of an underlying heart condition. Causing a low mood.
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
I'm worried I will never find love again and I'm not getting any younger
Me and my best friend are drifting apart. She never seems to want to hang out anymore.
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
College finals are next week and I have been sic so I gave them been able to study like I wanted to.
I LOVE MY FRIEND BUT TODAY FIGHT
One of my best friends I lived with moved out and screwed us over with the lease and her rent the DAY BEFORE rent was due and then blocked us on everything so that we couldn't ask her to pay.
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
I have a friend who knew me since I was little, she is closer to my mother's age so she is kinda like my aunt growing up. She always treat me like I was little. I understand that she knew me since I was little. But I'm a grown woman now and I want our relationship to go far and grow more. I tried to explain it to her but she is not getting it. It's made me feel sad that we can't move our relationship further.
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
My friend who's a year ahead of me in school is looking at jobs in an entirely different part of the country that I was looking at grad schools in, but she expects me to follow her there, which had previously been our plan.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
suicide
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
I have a great friend that has died of corona virus. I am shattered because I could not see her in her last moments or go to her funeral. All we had was facetime. She was only 35 with severe asthma. I am reeling. This happened two weeks ago and my sadness and depression is overwhelming. How can I get over this?
I keep trying to get started, but my kitchen mess seems so overwhelming.
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
School has been putting a lot of pressure on me recently. Especially with finals going on.
I asked my friend if she would go to the store with me because I was feeling down and overwhelmed with kids. She said she was too tired so she would have to pass this time. I was angry because I always support her when she is down or needs it. When I need it, she is nowhere to be seen. It's okay I guess for her to be depressed, but no one else can, because she has already monopolized that emotion. How can you ask someone for help when you are feeling depressed when they are depressed themselves?
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
i have depression because recently i lost my job
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
My boyfriend and I recently broke up due to our long-distance relationship and the impact COVID-19 has had on the travel industry.
no specific event to describe
i was talking with another my partner have seen that incident
pressure of applying for fellowship
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
My friends left me after fighting amongst themselves.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
I can't figure out why my friends don't understand why I want to keep a bit distant during COVID
My President of the Board is not very good.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
I have been overloaded with school work recently. I failed my first exam earlier this week and I am stressed and anxious about my exams later in the week.
I have been suffering from depression for many years due to emotional trauma
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
gf broke heart
trying to find a job with good hours
I had some recent car trouble and the problem has gotten worse. It has caused the mechanic bill to get bigger and bigger and I don't know how I am going to pay for it.
She dumped me months ago, but I can't get over her. Other women just don't appeal to me.
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
I have recently been let go from my job due to the pandemic, and I have been feeling sad lately.
stree leads to depression
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
My industry shut down due to Covid-19 and I am currently seeking work but very financially behind and stresed about it.
some many people losing jobs due to covid
I've just been feeling tired and sad lately especially with everything that's going on
My younger sister passed away unexpectedly a few months ago in an apartment fire and I am having trouble dealing with this.
School has been putting a lot of pressure on me recently. Especially with finals going on.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
just can not get out of a bad mood
Staying home with my children instead of going to work is making me anxious.
Husband left me for someone else.
I'm sad a lot because I don't like the life I live.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
i shared somethng with my best ffirend and she betrayed me
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
I am angry because I think my husband is controlling but he says I dont understand what controlling is
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
I met Ivy a couple of years ago at the park. It only took one glimpse to feel my heart sparked. We kicked off things slowly, its been two years now. She confessed her love to me and I did the same. I was planning to propose to her when i found out she is pregnant with another mans child. I am broken, my future is no more and I feel my life is meaningless
I am suffering from health anxiety and staying home and aftiad of going out
This time is too hard for me fine a jobs which require me to search and get pay for unemployment.
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
i'm in depression because recently i lost my job
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
I just broke up with my boyfriend and I hinestly don't know what to do
The partiality in my work place and the favorability to people who hardly work but always say "yes" to my manager's say.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
I'm feeling very lonely lately and I don't have many friends to turn to. This makes me sad because I've always had only a few friends but now they have families and kids and I feel more alone than ever.
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
I have so much homework that I can't keep up and I dont feel motivated in my classes because im so behind.
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
my boss cut my pay to save his bonus this year
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
Trying to find a job
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
there are me and my friend open some new company in my village. the company is run by one year than start the problem in partner ship. he is lie to me the account is not clear in every field so i will very anxiety with my partner
Working four departments at once
I am having lot of stress due to my upcoming exams.
impending academic deadlines
Life in general has been hard for me and my husband has been really sick for weeks now.
My current position will be eliminated within 6 months. I am very anxious and concerned that I will likely not find another position at mu current salary level.
A few things happened in my office that on and off stressed me out, including an odd pay period and a hostile coworker.
My best friend finally stopped showing up and stopped replying to my message.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
Constant pain from back problems.
Due to COVID-19 I can not focus on studies and can't fine help
My project ends soon and I will need to find other employment. I am worried that doesn't to Covid I will not be able to find work.
my boss cut my pay to save his bonus this year
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
constant fighting
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
My friends will not even call me half the time even though I am always calling them and trying to get together.
My industry has been shut down since March due to covid-19 and I've been struggling to find work that is safe for me to do (I have asthma and a blood disorder that compromises my immune system), haven't had any success with unemployment and really just very stressed about money.
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
Fear of losing my job
i c ant beleive how some of my friends voted
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
Haven't been able to find a companion for years, loneliness has driven me to depression.
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
I made a mistake at work by not calling a placement for a resident and now they are unable to leave in time and my boss is upset.
I went and spent so much money on xmas gifts and now I don't know how I can pay the credit cards off
i cant do well in school and they mock me
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
overall daily stresses
School's going badly. I really wish I had chosen a different major.
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
I'm feeling so depressed lately. The holidays are coming and I just want to stay in bed under the covers.
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
Lost my job in the lockdown
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
academic pressures
I was in a complicated relationship with a girl I really loved. She told me she needed space and did not want to talk much then 3 days later she told me that we were done. This came out of nowhere and was shocking. It left me very sad and depressed.
Due to COVID-19 I can not focus on studies and can't fine help
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
I wanted to start having sex with other women from the Internet and my wife would not allow it.
I failed a few of my midterms and now I'm very apprehensive about my finals.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
I don't think my current job is right for me. I have been doing it for 7 years and it's all I know. I don't know what to do for the best.
in this covid time , my job in trouble .I tested covid positive and unble to attended my office hours fro 2 months .My manager thought i joined another company but i was not yet all healthy to do any job .And i became pregnant in this covid time .I scaring how can i handle baby and job .I need much money but my manager not agree to give job
i was talking with another my partner have seen that incident
My friends talk behind my back and always try to get me in trouble but don't show it.
I have a friend that has admitted that she was using heroin. She got help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if she is really off the heroin. I will talk to her and it is like she gets sleepy and nods off. I have talked to her and she gets mad and denies and says I am not supporting her getting help and that this is why addicts go back to drugs because they are always accused.
I can not find a career i am stressing
My boyfriend left me after I confronted him about cheating on me. He admitted to cheating and was happy I knew. Then he told me he had been trying to figure out how to leave me and I now made it easy for him.
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
covid stress
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
Fights on my friends circle some conversation going to long and some bad talking to both of us.
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
I recently lost my grandmother and today grief came out of nowhere for the first time in a few weeks. Feeling very down.
I was scheduled to take my vacation after next week on Christmas week but due to some people quitting my boss suggested that I will have to work , I will not work because I already have plans but I am afraid that if I don’t work she will cut my hours when I come back
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
Not being able to see family and friends due to Covid.
turned in ex gf to cps for giving her kids drugs.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
I was laid off from my job
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
I found out my partner was cheating on me and I just feel betrayed and heartbroken.
Work is extremely stressful. I work 12 hour days and I feel like I have no time to do the things I like.
I am very depressed. I always have been. I don't know how to fix it. I've tried therapy and medicine but they don't seem to work.
My boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him.
I lost my job in January. Because of my health, I am afraid of taking a job outside home. So I am trying to make money on MTurk and YouTube.
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
My boss reduced my pay so that he gets a bonus
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
I'm frustrated with Covid, having family issues, and I'm the caregiver for my disabled sister. Plus the holidays have been cancelled and so I'm just pretty anxious and depressed.
I am self employed, and my job is at a halt due to covid 19. I am very anxious about when i will be able to return to work, and my current financial situation
I've suffered from depression since I was a kid but since the pandemic started it's harder to find the motivation to go on, to go about my day, to get out of bed, etc.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
caught my girlfriend cheating on me with my neighbor its was so horrible scene for me all i could do was cry and drink because i love her so much, the pain was much that all i could think of was killing her and myself, Guess its isn't wrong if i kill the guy he cheated with too?
I feel depressed about being lonely and sad.
Fear about losing a job
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
My dad and I do not talk anymore even though we used to be close.
My company is going through a restructure and i am worried about my job
my fiance and I broke up last week
my age (66), uselessness,fear of death
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
I was used as a rebound for someone that I thought I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.
I am worried about losing my job due to COVID
I recently lost my grandmother and today grief came out of nowhere for the first time in a few weeks. Feeling very down.
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
I have had a lady who has been a friend for one year now. We have been in good terms until recently when she no longer has time for me and she does not explain the reason for the same. I have scheduled several meetings but she turns down my request every time. I dont know what to do at such a time when i need her support the most.
My husband and I constantly argue about discipline of our kids.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
I just lost my job and am worried about paying the bills.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
I am really good at self-isolating. I am in a new area and do not really have any friends nor really have the want from most people. Though I do feel lonely at times.
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
breakup with partner
covid no work
My partner broke up with me and I'm really upset about this we've been together for 4 years and all of a sudden they decided that they didn't want to continue the relationship
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
Haven't been able to find a companion for years, loneliness has driven me to depression.
Work at restaurant as assistant manager. Manager got fired and company asked me to take over position without a pay raise then skipped the promotion and hired a new manager.
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
there are me and my friend open some new company in my village. the company is run by one year than start the problem in partner ship. he is lie to me the account is not clear in every field so i will very anxiety with my partner
pressure of applying for fellowship
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
I have a problem with a job. I can't find the job for a long time. When the covid started most of the jobs was closed. As I dont have any higher education, it's hard to find a real one with a good salary. But as all jobs, like waiters, adn so on still closed, it get me the depression.
freind is a drunk and nobody told her besides me now she is mad at me
I have 6 finals that are coming up soon, and i need to do well in order to have a good GPA for medical school
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
I work in the night. I have to sleep in the day. This is for throughout the year. I strive for sound sleeping. I become depressed of insufficient sleeping.
My dad and I do not talk anymore even though we used to be close.
I just found out that my job has to make cuts and layoffs, and I am worried about my job and my colleague's jobs.
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
I made a mistake at work by not calling a placement for a resident and now they are unable to leave in time and my boss is upset.
covid
fighting with my husband all the time and not seeing eye to eye. felling unwanted and unloved
I've been experiencing repeated romantic rejections from potential mates.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
High expectations at work and little time to complete them
fighting with my husband all the time and not seeing eye to eye. felling unwanted and unloved
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
The current economic downturn has me worried for the future.
I fear that I might get fired in my job. My boss hates me. My co-workers harrass me at times.
I have anxiety to leave my families,
i'm very sad because my friend doesn't want to talk with me
I want to break up with my partner who ive been married to for 6 years with a 5 year old child
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
I am having lot of stress due to my upcoming exams.
I am worried about a friend. Since lockdown they have not been in contact and whenever I try to get in touch with them they rarely respond.
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
I broke up with my partner because she was constantly neglecting me. She showed little interest in doing things together and I had enough of trying to please her. She ends up with a new guy just two weeks later.
i left my job, and moved across the country without another job lined up. it's been 3 months since i have worked. and this is compounded by a lot of feelings of loss and grieving as i left a job of 8 years.
My best friend has been very demanding, and I'm very upset.
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
I only have two weeks left to make major revisions to my scientific paper that was recently submitted to a journal. I am freaking out.
I miss my friends.
Parents are pressuring me to become a doctor
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
breakup with partner
My job informed me that they will be reducing my hours and not extend my contract.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
My younger sister passed away unexpectedly a few months ago in an apartment fire and I am having trouble dealing with this.
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
Not sure how to explain that I want out of marriage
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
I applied with a lot of companies and never hear back. I need money for the holidays.
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
My girlfriend broke up with me because of race.
My ex who i loved so much and almost gave her everything cheated on me with another guy from my school , my relationship was almost 2 years until she dumped me.... and i had to go through an immense overthinking after the breakup for almost 6-7 months
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
alcoholism
I have a horrible professor that has not adapted to technology well for COVID. There is one week left and he just assigned a major lab to do at home out of nowhere.He's also horrible at communicating.
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
I need a job but finding one that doesn't require weekends is almost impossible. There are no day cares in my area that watch kids on the weekend so that is another delima.
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
Need a second job to pay off credit card bills
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
I don't like any of my friends. In fact, I don't think I like anyone.
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
academic pressure
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
trying to find a job with good hours
I need to leave my job as I do not make enough money, however I love my job and hate to leave.
I learned that my friend's husband was shot and killed over a drug deal. He was high at the time. My daughter carpools with his daughter every day and he was often the driver. Was he high when he was driving her around? I don't know how to act around my friend. Did she know?
related to the current pandemic
trying to find a job with good hours
my fiance and I broke up last week
Haven't been able to find a companion for years, loneliness has driven me to depression.
I feel depressed about being lonely and sad.
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
getting new year present for my parent
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
I'm in depression because i lost my job
I cheated on my boyfriend and I don't want to tell him. I feel really bad because he is a great person.
Parents are pressuring me to become a doctor
Since getting a new job I feel like I'm constantly trying to prove myself. I measure myself against other people and just don't feel I'm good enough I'm having a real issue with my confidence at the moment
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
i was talking with another my partner have seen that incident
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
High expectations at work and little time to complete them
Raising grandson and he is being very difficult and not listening. I also have a lot of medical issues that limit my abilities. And my grandson's father is no help, he just drops him off and leaves, never asks if need anything or how I am doing.
School's going badly. I really wish I had chosen a different major.
I have to give up my parrot because I am now blind and have to move. I cant take teh parrot with me.
My President of the Board is not very good.
people would make fun of me based on the color of my skin or anything that has to do with my color.
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
Self isolation due to the pandemic. Home with the kids alone every day.
I have a final exam coming up and I am really worried about how I will perform.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
Since COVID-19 I've been trying to help my parents by giving them advice. I tell them to avoid large crowds due to my dad being on Oxygen at night. He doesn't want to listen and goes places without caring. I'm very anxious about him getting sick.
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
I had my heart set on a Veterinary Technology program at a particular school and I just found out that I won't be able to apply in time. I feel like I have to reassess my future plans.
Constant feeling that I might be laid off. I really like my job and it pays good. I have a family and cannot afford to lose job. It will be super hard for me to find new job. I just never know then and if I get laid off. I work in cruise industry and it has been few tough months.
I am retired, but really need to go back to work to earn some extra money. My problem is that it is very difficult physically for me to wear a mask for longer than a few moments. In this time of COVID, I have no choice in the matter. It is causing me anxiety because I need the income.
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
I cannot deal with the death of a parent. This was some years ago but still badly affects me.
I have recently been let go from my job due to the pandemic, and I have been feeling sad lately.
there will be layoff to me
I have a co worker that keeps going behind my back and trying to get things done without me knowing it.
I found out that my boss has not been paying me accurately. I am so upset because I don't know what to do. I feel like I should quit.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
Some former friends of mine have remained friends with a person who abused me and stood up for them in court.
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
I have been suffering from depression for many years due to emotional trauma
just everyday life
breakup with partner
Friends do not want to hang out due to pandemic
My partner broke up with me. He cheated on me.
I am working all the time and don’t have time for my family.
I am unable to work at my job anymore due to a poor supervisor who made my work much more difficult.
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
My industry shut down due to Covid-19 and I am currently seeking work but very financially behind and stresed about it.
I fear that I might get fired in my job. My boss hates me. My co-workers harrass me at times.
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
no specific event to describe
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
I quit my full time job as an Administrative Assistant in August 2020 becuase my job did not following Covid-19 roles set up by the State in which I live in. I am struggling to find a job that is WFH since August.
I was in a relationship with the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen or been with. We have been dating for about 3 years and I was planning on spending the rest of my life with her. But I eventually lost her and everything all in a matter of months.
I feel that my friends do not really like me much and do not want to meet me
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
My three years relationship ended last week , he betrayed me he had another affair , we discussed and break up . He misused my credit card he took my all money. he spreading fake news about me in social media.
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
I suffered bullying at school. for the simple fact of being not very fat but if stuffed, they called me a cow, they made the expression of a cow, they threw my bag in the trash, I had no friends. It was hard and strong to be able to study there, after that they changed my school, everything was fine until those from the previous school found out where I was studying and the bullying started again. It has had an impact on my life, I believe that even my feelings are the same, I have not been able to forget it.
I am extremely stressed with work and am very unhappy.
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
I'm mad at my boyfriend for not taking responsibility.
High expectations at work and little time to complete them
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
I miss my girlfriend, I feel I have no one in my life.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
The feel of isolation during pandemic and being an immigrant without any family closeby.
I can not find a career i am stressing
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
gf broke heart
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
My friend's dad passed away due to Coronavirus and I am sad.
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
I am in a crisis over my employer not having enough money to pay me. It is really causing me to be fearful.
I work a dead end job.
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
My aunt died a week ago who was 90. Was very close to her.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
I broke up with my partner.
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
My school is extremely rigorous and I'm experiencing difficulty with anxiety
I got an email from my job that they will not extend my job and will have to leave.
I feel I am getting looked over for a promotion/raise at work and it is causing anxiety and fear that I don’t have longevity at my company and that I’m not being valued.
I have broken up with my partner of two years, she is amazing but I ended it as I thought my feelings had changed. I broke her heart but now I think I want her back but in afraid she might have moved on.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
I feel I am getting looked over for a promotion/raise at work and it is causing anxiety and fear that I don’t have longevity at my company and that I’m not being valued.
I applied with a lot of companies and never hear back. I need money for the holidays.
My health is crazy and I may have to face a major surgery. I have a severe auto immune disorder and even though I've had it for 8 years you never get used to it.
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
Job safety is causing my sadness and stress. COVID-19 is making it worse.
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
COVID-19 has changed the way we learn and the last year has been really difficult. I don't feel as connected in my classes and I plan to apply to grad school. I don't know how this will affect me as I begin to think about programs to apply to next year.
worried about losing my job
My youngest sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her two children.
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
My boyfriend left me after I confronted him about cheating on me. He admitted to cheating and was happy I knew. Then he told me he had been trying to figure out how to leave me and I now made it easy for him.
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I am working all the time and don’t have time for my family.
lots of problems happening in my life so many family issues
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
This time is too hard for me fine a jobs which require me to search and get pay for unemployment.
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
I fear that I might get fired in my job. My boss hates me. My co-workers harrass me at times.
related to the current pandemic
I've been so blessed to have such a great job but thanks to Corona, my works has come to a screeching halt. I'm so anxious because I don't know when my next check will be or for how much. The pressure and stress is almost too much.
My girlfriend broke up with me and now I have no motivation and I am depressed most of the time.
After a 2 years of relationship i broke up with my girlfriend. So she packed up her stuff and move away
I keep putting of my work because I'm afraid i'll fail at it. I just need to process the data, but I don't know why I keep putting it off. I feel angry at myself
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
I'm bummed about my employer cutting my pay
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
My husband abandoned me and my kids
Staying home with my children instead of going to work is making me anxious.
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
I may lose a job
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
I just got layed off.
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
My wife of 6 years decided one day last week she wanted to end things. This comes after finding out we cannot have anymore children. So its a combination of the 2.
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
my dog died recently
COVID, job pressure, stress with partner, sharing custody of my son, recuperating from cancer treatment
Don't feel qualified for job I am applying for.
I am working all the time and don’t have time for my family.
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I am having financial problems and i am worried i will not be able afford my kids christmas presents.
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
stree leads to depression
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
My set of friends with include 6 close women are falling apart because of not communicating often and not being physically close to one another. It is really weird how being apart from one another can really change strong relationships. I am still close with everyone but I can not say the same about everyone else. We have all known each other for 25 years and it makes me sad and anxious that when we come out corona it won't be the same. Specifically, two of my besties are arguing with each other over a piece of sensitive gossip that was shared outside our group. Someone feels betrayed and I want to help them both without taking sides.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
I am trying to complete my Master's degree while having to help my children learn virtually because of the pandemic. Managing my time has not been easy.
They are always demotivate my economic status. It hurts me a lot
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
i feel like my life is in a rut
Ilost my home when my partner died. He had changed the will and I didn't know.
Being unemployed, working online and barely paying the bills. Between rent, food bills. I am barely getting by. Some weeks can't even afford food shopping. So I live off a big bag of rice and pasta and beans. Not even $200 a month is left after bills.
pet died
I have lost my job because of COVID19
I have finals coming up and I am afraid I an not smart enough to pass
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
I haven't been able to sleep well worried about so many things.
I am worried I do not play the politics game well enough for the growth I want.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
I've suffered from depression since I was a kid but since the pandemic started it's harder to find the motivation to go on, to go about my day, to get out of bed, etc.
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
My friend's are Trump supporters. It hurts because it does not follow my values and morals.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I have naturally suffer from clinical depression
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
I am very scared about next college semester it is frightening
staying at home with kids and stopping outside work
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
My boss recently left the company and I am not getting the information from her boss that I need. It is worrisome.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
It is finals week and i have a lot to do. I have been having bad dreams about my grades and future.
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
High expectations at work and little time to complete them
My finance is working out of the country till 2022 and I am left here by myself until he gets home. I have no friends and no one to talk to.
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
I miss seeing my friends
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
i want to change my situation and improve but i am so depressed i don't have the energy to look for a job much less perform them adequately. on top of that my town has almost no jobs (2 thousand people in central Kansas)
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
breakup with lover
My President of the Board is not very good.
New boss who is difficult
I was homeless. I had to leave a place I loved. It was mentally a bad state.
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
i cheated on her
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
I may lose a job
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
My biological sister has major issues is trying to turn my family against because of an argument we had 4 years ago
academic pressures
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
I have no motivation to finish my work assignments
I'm in depression because my kids not listen to me.
I feel like I am never going to be good enough to make it on my own. I'm struggling with finding a job right now, paying for anything for myself, and taking care of my teenage son who's driving me nuts as he's doing school from home. I really feel like I'm in a pit that I'll never get out of.
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
I asked my friend if she would go to the store with me because I was feeling down and overwhelmed with kids. She said she was too tired so she would have to pass this time. I was angry because I always support her when she is down or needs it. When I need it, she is nowhere to be seen. It's okay I guess for her to be depressed, but no one else can, because she has already monopolized that emotion. How can you ask someone for help when you are feeling depressed when they are depressed themselves?
My husband keeps putting me down and calling me names
I have a job that does not fulfill my goals for myself. I used to love my job but coronavirus has made it hard to enjoy. It is frequent that I have nothing to do and instead sit at my desk and think about all the other things I could do.
Quarantine keeps going on and on.
Pretty down with the lack of securing a job and improving my finaces.
I am breaking up with my spouse
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
Not being able to see family and friends due to Covid.
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
Fear about losing a job
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
Moved to a new location and haven't met any new friends and now with Covid it is impossible.
My account went into the negative this morning.
Ilost my home when my partner died. He had changed the will and I didn't know.
Trying to complete my senior year
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
The person ghosted me after we had an argument and I am really upset about it.
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
I am always in the mood of depression. I thought every thing going to be happen to me in wrong way
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
masters degree
bad experiences with others
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
My boyfriend cheated on me a year ago but I just found out. It was with my best friend and I am so grossed out and mad.
trying to find a job with good hours
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
covid no work
I was already having a really bad day, from a run in I had with a very rude lady. Then I received a text from someone who I thought was my friend. She felt like I haven' t been there for her because I didn't pick up her call. I honestly didn't see her call and definitely would've got back to her, if I saw her call. She said mean and nasty things about me, which I don' t care about. But she did the wrong mistake of bringing my child into the equation, when he had nothing to do with it. I wanted to really beat the crap out of her because not only did she do that, she blocked my number and ran. Like I was beyond pissed.
loss of job
My project ends soon and I will need to find other employment. I am worried that doesn't to Covid I will not be able to find work.
I need a job but finding one that doesn't require weekends is almost impossible. There are no day cares in my area that watch kids on the weekend so that is another delima.
The pandemic is causing my company to close. I am now going to be searching for a job in a saturated market!
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
I have a great friend that has died of corona virus. I am shattered because I could not see her in her last moments or go to her funeral. All we had was facetime. She was only 35 with severe asthma. I am reeling. This happened two weeks ago and my sadness and depression is overwhelming. How can I get over this?
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
my kids wont listen to me
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
I've had some degree of depression for a long time. Longer than this damn pandemic. I've always been a homebody but not leaving the house at all for almost three months was a lot. A lot has happened over the past year and I'm not sure how to handle it all. I feel alone even when there are people around.
I messed up, my girl friend got pregnant two months to my wedding with my fiancée wedding
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
I asked my friend if she would go to the store with me because I was feeling down and overwhelmed with kids. She said she was too tired so she would have to pass this time. I was angry because I always support her when she is down or needs it. When I need it, she is nowhere to be seen. It's okay I guess for her to be depressed, but no one else can, because she has already monopolized that emotion. How can you ask someone for help when you are feeling depressed when they are depressed themselves?
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
I was let go from my job of 30 years.
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
I am in a deep depression, have no friends or family to talk to. I also started drinking
The partiality in my work place and the favorability to people who hardly work but always say "yes" to my manager's say.
I was in a relationship with the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen or been with. We have been dating for about 3 years and I was planning on spending the rest of my life with her. But I eventually lost her and everything all in a matter of months.
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
I get to hurting so bad in my lower back that it upsets me and then I take it out on the one's around me.
nothing i do pleases my boss
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I have been feeling like my friends don't like me and it's making me feel bad.
Me and a close friend of mine got in an arguement because she dated a guy that I had just broke up with and I dated a guy that she had just broke up with
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
worried about losing my job
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
My company is going through a restructure and i am worried about my job
I fear that I might never be loved again. I feel so lonely.
My President of the Board is not very good.
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
I broke up with my partner.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
I always make my goals ealry and every so often before an breakthrough I make the best cut I can get. I want to make myself less suscepatable to self sabotage and intrusions.
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
can't find a job/path in life
covid no work
I think that i am gaining weight and hard as i try I can not keep it off and i am getting vry put down.
my kids wont listen to me
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
I am breaking up with my spouse
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
am sinking into depression
bad experiences with others
i feel as though i could do better academically. i kept telling myself - if i could only write better then i could get better grades.
i lost my job and have no more savings.
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
My friend has started to get into political conversations on Facebook and I think he is embarrassing himself. He's spouting all these talking points without ever showing any interest in them before!
Don't feel qualified for job I am applying for.
my family neglected me
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
Since covid I havent been doing as well in school. I'm very upset and ashamed at my self
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
found out my fiance was cheating on me
The holiday season has me down
Why do I always get the worst teachers? It makes school so hard in general.
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
My job informed me that they will be reducing my hours and not extend my contract.
I don't have enough money to buy my kids christmas gifts.
My friend who's a year ahead of me in school is looking at jobs in an entirely different part of the country that I was looking at grad schools in, but she expects me to follow her there, which had previously been our plan.
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
My friend's husband is spreading false rumors about me because my daughter moved up in soccer and his didn't. He is saying I'm having an affair with the coach, who is married! I am NOT and my daughter happens to be a much better soccer player. I do like his wife but this is unforgiveable.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
My neighbors are all mad at me, because I was the cause of a mutual friend being evicted from our complex. Her dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week. I reported the incident to apartment management and Animal Control. She was told to get rid of her dog or move. She elected to move, but continued to say that she "got kicked out because of me". I guess friends liked her more, because now I'm the "bad guy".
I have developed "cabin fever". not being able to go out and do something has put me in depression.
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
I can not find a career i am stressing
i just broke up with my girlfriend last week. I found her cheating
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
I always feel like the way I look does not live up to the expectations of those close to me. This makes me very anxious when I go to meet with them.
Staying home with my children instead of going to work is making me anxious.
I have a final in my class tomorrow, and if I don't get at least a B on the exam I might not pass the class.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
I've dealt with a lot of stress lately, even before the covid 19 was even heard of. It's ongoing now. I have even more now.
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
My boyfriend and I broke up and I cant stop crying. I am depressed about being alone.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
JUST LOST A FRIEND , A VERY CLOSE TIGHT FRIEND THAT WAS ALWAYS THERE FOR ME
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
I just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
I fear that I might get fired in my job. My boss hates me. My co-workers harrass me at times.
am sinking into depression
I'm about to lose my job because my company is not able to negotiate my existing contract and I'm unable to secure another job. I feel anxiety on what to do and next steps to take.
I have 6 finals that are coming up soon, and i need to do well in order to have a good GPA for medical school
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
I have been having issues with my children since the pandemic started. I feel overwhelmed with work, home, children, distance learning and no help and have been responding with anger.
i cheated on her
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
My mental health (innatentive ADHD) cannot be properly medicated with the recommended medication because of an underlying heart condition. Causing a low mood.
Work is extremely stressful. I work 12 hour days and I feel like I have no time to do the things I like.
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
I am afraid of how my parents will react when I tell them that I am not going to attend the holidays
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
I have been having issues with my children since the pandemic started. I feel overwhelmed with work, home, children, distance learning and no help and have been responding with anger.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
Husband of 9 years walked out on me and our children a few months ago. Working hard to try and make ends meat on my own.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I was going to marry my girlfriend but she broke up with me a prior to proposing for an unknown reason.
I am depressed staying home due to COVID
Covid 19 stress with the added stress of the holduas
Had a fight with friend.
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
Well we are at different places in our lives. My partner wants to leave to go to another state to be with her cousin. I want to stay around the family we have here already.
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
My best friend finally stopped showing up and stopped replying to my message.
I keep procrastinating cleaning, doing crafts, etc, stuff that I want to do and to get done, but that I seem to be unmotivated to do. It's frustrating.
General daily stresses
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
I asked my friend if she would go to the store with me because I was feeling down and overwhelmed with kids. She said she was too tired so she would have to pass this time. I was angry because I always support her when she is down or needs it. When I need it, she is nowhere to be seen. It's okay I guess for her to be depressed, but no one else can, because she has already monopolized that emotion. How can you ask someone for help when you are feeling depressed when they are depressed themselves?
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
eviction
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
My husband keeps putting me down and calling me names
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I am finding the second lockdown intensely difficult to deal with, even worse than the first.
I am severely stressed about my college course and my grades during the pandemic.
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
I broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. I've been feeling lonely ever since.
My best friend finally stopped showing up and stopped replying to my message.
i lost job in covid ,i lost my home due to unpaid of mortgage ..full in stress how to pay homeloans and how to get new job in this covid situations
My boy friend left me for nothing, I tried to ask for explanation but i won't get any thing , make me depressed and felt alone.
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
I was in a relationship with the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen or been with. We have been dating for about 3 years and I was planning on spending the rest of my life with her. But I eventually lost her and everything all in a matter of months.
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
Well we are at different places in our lives. My partner wants to leave to go to another state to be with her cousin. I want to stay around the family we have here already.
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
I have lost my job, and my entire industry has been shut down due to Covid-19, and I am struggling to find work that is safe for me to do from home.
I just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
I fear disappointing my parents.
My husband and I are having a very difficult tine both working remotely during the corona virus and having two kids with us all day who are learning online. We are being interrupted daily and they tend to come to my office more-so than my husbands. He seems to think I can deal with this better and more efficiently but my work is just as important as his. We both make about the same income.
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I was scheduled to take my vacation after next week on Christmas week but due to some people quitting my boss suggested that I will have to work , I will not work because I already have plans but I am afraid that if I don’t work she will cut my hours when I come back
I broke up with a partner and I’m verbally upset and emotionally upset as well
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
My health is crazy and I may have to face a major surgery. I have a severe auto immune disorder and even though I've had it for 8 years you never get used to it.
I am battling with letting my past childhood trauma effect my relationship and the raising of my child.
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
For the last few weeks everything is an effort. I just can't get motivated. Why clean the house it will just get messed up again and no one else cares. I feel bad for my dog I don't even take him for walks anymore. Things that usually cheer me up or make me happy just seem pointless. No matter how hard I try I get nowhere. I just want to sleep until these feelings go away if they ever do
For the past couple years, I've been dealing with depression. I'm lonely, sad, scared and worried. I feel like there's no reason to live.
My mother recently passed, a month ago due to being an alcoholic for many years.
Not having enough friends nearby. My three nearby friends went away for holidays, so I have no one to spend time with over this weekend.
Worried about my daughter abd her academic struggles. She has a genetic condition and some learning differences. Struggling to cope to work and do day to day things and give her as much support as she needs.
Had a fight with friend.
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
I can not seem to find a job no matter how hard I try. My last job was cut short because of all the pandemic restrictions. I'm so depressed.
always being asked to do things and help , and no one is here for me
It is not well to do better information for gather with my friends and they irritated me.
what ever i study, i am not able to remember the contents which is necessary for my academic tests
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
I recently lost my grandmother and today grief came out of nowhere for the first time in a few weeks. Feeling very down.
my best friend became phys-co and torturing all his friends by blackmailing all photos with him.he started with me also i got so much fear and issues
as a new mom , i wanted to spend much time with baby , i took break from work but my mind became too lazy to get back work so i lost job .still my brain not yet all agree for try new job because of baby .I need much money to take care of entire family of 6 .I shame on my self why i thinking like this
my boss does not care about my and there is no guidance complete ignorance due to the fact that I am a female in a male domain
some many people losing jobs due to covid
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
Due to COVID-19 I can not focus on studies and can't fine help
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
Being unemployed, working online and barely paying the bills. Between rent, food bills. I am barely getting by. Some weeks can't even afford food shopping. So I live off a big bag of rice and pasta and beans. Not even $200 a month is left after bills.
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
Current partner cheated on me in the past and I think he is doing it again.
Boss keeps hitting on a co-worker, who really doesn't like the guy. What can I do to make it stop?
I feel anxious all the time about covid and trying to make money.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
My girlfriend broke up with me because of race.
I had a situation which is actually forced me to break up with my partner. It gives me pain. However I strongly believed that my partner would feel about this. But he just took it easy. This hurts me a lot.
I have a final in my class tomorrow, and if I don't get at least a B on the exam I might not pass the class.
I have developed "cabin fever". not being able to go out and do something has put me in depression.
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
I am depressed due to covid pandemic.
I have a final in my class tomorrow, and if I don't get at least a B on the exam I might not pass the class.
Every day is a struggle, I wake up feeling hopeless, and I am having really bad anxiety attacks that I can't calm down from.
Fear of layoff from my job
Cause of the covid, I have problems with study and communication. I have problem in my University, also problems how to communicate with people after 1 year, of lockdown.
Not having enough friends nearby. My three nearby friends went away for holidays, so I have no one to spend time with over this weekend.
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
I can not find a career i am stressing
Just failed a huge test in my class and may not graduate this semester
My school is extremely rigorous and I'm experiencing difficulty with anxiety
Constant pain from back problems.
I lost my job and not sure how I will pay for rent.
i have an exam coming up and i have not studied and its too late to cover the course work
My ex who i loved so much and almost gave her everything cheated on me with another guy from my school , my relationship was almost 2 years until she dumped me.... and i had to go through an immense overthinking after the breakup for almost 6-7 months
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
I got a bad grade on a paper
My President of the Board is not very good.
I was let go from my job of 30 years.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
I lost my job and cant find another one
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
I feel like I won't ever get a proper job and move out of my parents' home.
I have a co worker that keeps going behind my back and trying to get things done without me knowing it.
Work at restaurant as assistant manager. Manager got fired and company asked me to take over position without a pay raise then skipped the promotion and hired a new manager.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
My fiance and I are splitting up after 5 years and I feel like I'm starting over again.
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
I've been really struggling lately with how much everything has changed during the pandemic. the holidays don't feel the same
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
I've been feeling low for the last few months, and have been finding it hard to sleep at night.
I'm in the depression because of todays market situation
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
My partner left me after 7 years and broke up with me over text.
I am trying to complete my Master's degree while having to help my children learn virtually because of the pandemic. Managing my time has not been easy.
Friends that I used to trust and they broke up the trust.
I am sad about finding out my boyfriend broke up with me because he saw where I came from .
I quit my full time job as an Administrative Assistant in August 2020 becuase my job did not following Covid-19 roles set up by the State in which I live in. I am struggling to find a job that is WFH since August.
Husband of 9 years walked out on me and our children a few months ago. Working hard to try and make ends meat on my own.
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
I am feeling quite nervous, apprehensive and worried about the current pandemic. I fear that I, or my loved ones, can catch it and become very ill. Also, I feel a bit isolated, which has caused me to have a bit more negative feelings of sadness.
I just broke up with my boyfriend. I am really depressed and lonely now.
I was in the store and there were two other women. They were whispering to each other and looking at me. I could hear a couple words and they were making fun of my hair and the way I dress. People just don't accept me. It's hard to feel so different.
My boyfriend broke up with me after being together for 5 years. He also cheated on me with my best friend.
Catching up with academic deadlines
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
Trying to complete my senior year
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
i just broke up with my girlfriend last week. I found her cheating
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
always being asked to do things and help , and no one is here for me
I always make my goals ealry and every so often before an breakthrough I make the best cut I can get. I want to make myself less suscepatable to self sabotage and intrusions.
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
My friends won't hang out with me
I broke up with my boyfriend and that really depressed me because we have been together for like a long time. I feel very sad and alone. I actually feel like I can't go on with it.
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
academic stress
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
Me and my friend got into an argument and are not in speaking terms
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
I'm fearful of where I'll be living in the future.
Constantly arguing with my best friend, we never see eye to eye on important things on my life.
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
I have to repeat one of my classes over winter break, but I have plans with family. I will lose my scholarship if i dont pass
I recently argued with my family about my dating partner.
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
I am battling with letting my past childhood trauma effect my relationship and the raising of my child.
I got a bad grade on a paper
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
I was laid off from my job
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
Struggling to find work
I messed up, my girl friend got pregnant two months to my wedding with my fiancée wedding
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
I have been getting low grades lately and am scared I will be thrown out of my University.
Every day is a struggle, I wake up feeling hopeless, and I am having really bad anxiety attacks that I can't calm down from.
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
I married a divorcee. She was not honest with me. I felt sympathy about her previous marriage. She was not honest about her real problems. She treated me horribly. I had to leave.
I need to make more money right now to support myself, But I love my job and I am scared to leave it. And start over.
I feel like my friends don't care about me at all. When we get together all they want to do is talk about their lives. When I raise something that is bothering me they just make some trite response and then move back to what they want to talk about.
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
there will be layoff to me
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
I may lose a job
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
Having a lot going on in life and school and feeling very stressed.
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
My friend has started to get into political conversations on Facebook and I think he is embarrassing himself. He's spouting all these talking points without ever showing any interest in them before!
The current economic downturn has me worried for the future.
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
I broke up with my boyfriend and that really depressed me because we have been together for like a long time. I feel very sad and alone. I actually feel like I can't go on with it.
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
can't find a job/path in life
I just broke up with my boyfriend. I am really depressed and lonely now.
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
I lost friend as she does not reach out to me anymore and wonder why.
We had a staff appreciation day, but we all got drunk by the end of the day. So now I am worried my boss will judge me or fire me.
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
there are me and my friend open some new company in my village. the company is run by one year than start the problem in partner ship. he is lie to me the account is not clear in every field so i will very anxiety with my partner
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
trying to find a job with good hours
I'm so sad all the time.
my dog died recently
I am falling in love with a friend who doesn't return any feelings like this.
I have finals coming up and I am really nervous and I don't feel prepared.
My partner is abusing me for not earning money..I feel like ending my life instead of all the abuses being faced in life.
not communicative all of a sudden, not wanting to speak over phone too
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
I think I've drifted apart from a friend I've known since college because of the pandemic. We rarely communicate and the last time we did she tells me about the things she has been doing with her NEW friends.
My younger sister passed away unexpectedly a few months ago in an apartment fire and I am having trouble dealing with this.
suicide
I am very scared about next college semester it is frightening
Depression about pandemic
no money and cant find work
My friend has a girlfriend who is a real bitch. I can't stand how she treats me and others. I wish that my friend would dump her.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
the pandemic
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
I've been just really sad recently and I don't know how to bring my mood up
I failed a few of my midterms and now I'm very apprehensive about my finals.
I lost my job 8 months ago and I haven't been able to find anything. So as a result I have felt very depressed because my life has lost all sense of structure.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
Just the virus and loneliness. Isolation
I’m feeling anxious about the pandemic and current economic conditions.
The holidays always make me sad.
School's going badly. I really wish I had chosen a different major.
I may lose a job
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
i'm doing a bad job at my job and there are rumors i'll be fired soon. i am a newscaster at a small radio station. basically this job is too much for me. i feel tremendous pressure.
I've been just really sad recently and I don't know how to bring my mood up
Loss of a job
I did not study and did poorly on a test.
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
I miss seeing my friends in person and I havent heard from them in a while
I had a nasty breakup with my boyfriend. He stepped out on me and lied to my face.
I am 50 and returning to school because I am out of work. I am, having a very tough time.
I have lost my job, and my entire industry has been shut down due to Covid-19, and I am struggling to find work that is safe for me to do from home.
My boss reduced my pay so that he gets a bonus
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
My friend has passed away and I'm struggling to deal with the grief.
My father will not talk to me anymore because he is obsessed with Trump. So I call him out, and he now does not speak to or acknowledge me. We have been close until this happened, it struck me as bizarre.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
A friend keeps talking lies
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
I've been really struggling lately with how much everything has changed during the pandemic. the holidays don't feel the same
academic stress
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
I haven't been able to sleep well worried about so many things.
I'm feeling very lonely lately and I don't have many friends to turn to. This makes me sad because I've always had only a few friends but now they have families and kids and I feel more alone than ever.
Well we are at different places in our lives. My partner wants to leave to go to another state to be with her cousin. I want to stay around the family we have here already.
I broke up with a partner and I’m verbally upset and emotionally upset as well
i broke up with my partner and am feeling like i should even commit suiside, i was played a fool
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
I have been feeling kinda down lately since my pet died. I miss her so much.
My friend is not treating me the way that a friend is supposed to be treating me
I have been feeling lost and directionless and I feel like I'm a waste of time and space. I don't know what to do with my life and I hate myself.
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
High expectations at work and little time to complete them
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
I lost my job in January. Because of my health, I am afraid of taking a job outside home. So I am trying to make money on MTurk and YouTube.
I have developed "cabin fever". not being able to go out and do something has put me in depression.
Its really sad that with todays COVID crisis we are no longer able to enjoy daily normal life. We are not able to mingle and meet our family and friends. We are stuck in our homes during this unprecedented time.
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
I am breaking up with my spouse
I tested positive for Covid.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
I got an email from my job that they will not extend my job and will have to leave.
I've been studying very hard for this class, but I have been performing very poorly. This is the first time I have done this bad and I just feel so incompetent. Nothing I do seems to work.
I have finals coming up and I am really nervous and I don't feel prepared.
I've been feeling low for the last few months, and have been finding it hard to sleep at night.
am sinking into depression
My best friend has been very demanding, and I'm very upset.
I lost my job and not sure how I will pay for rent.
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
I am very nervous about my fianl paper.
I don't know if I should continue with school right now and I am having a hard time making the decision.
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
I have to give a presentation at work after completing a course and am fearful as I've had a bad experience in the past
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
I am very scared about next college semester it is frightening
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
I am feeling quite nervous, apprehensive and worried about the current pandemic. I fear that I, or my loved ones, can catch it and become very ill. Also, I feel a bit isolated, which has caused me to have a bit more negative feelings of sadness.
my best friend became phys-co and torturing all his friends by blackmailing all photos with him.he started with me also i got so much fear and issues
I was working when one of my bosses continued to bully and speak down to me
I am extremely stressed with work and am very unhappy.
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
I am unemployed right now and its hard for me to find a job where I can earn enough to support my family
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
a friend is going in for quadruple bypass surgery
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
i caught my boyfriend cheating with a friend
I am always in the mood of depression. I thought every thing going to be happen to me in wrong way
I may lose a job
My industry has been shut down since March due to covid-19 and I've been struggling to find work that is safe for me to do (I have asthma and a blood disorder that compromises my immune system), haven't had any success with unemployment and really just very stressed about money.
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
My biological sister has major issues is trying to turn my family against because of an argument we had 4 years ago
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
My industry shut down due to Covid-19 and I am currently seeking work but very financially behind and stresed about it.
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
I may lose a job
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
I am extremely bored and under stimulated without being in school or working.
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
They are always demotivate my economic status. It hurts me a lot
My friend is not treating me the way that a friend is supposed to be treating me
Hello. My baby of 11 years had passed away last week. This would be my pomeranian and I am devastated. I am fearful now of getting another puppy during Corona.
i cheated on her
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
These mofos are trying to charge me an "administrative processing fee" for helping gather some supplies!! Taxin' my packages man!
My best friend finally stopped showing up and stopped replying to my message.
masters degree
academic pressures
Trying to complete my senior year
My job informed me that they will be reducing my hours and not extend my contract.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I am afraid of how my parents will react when I tell them that I am not going to attend the holidays
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
Quarantine keeps going on and on.
I am upset with my best friend over the results of the election. We generally agree not to discuss politics, but the controversy over Biden's win over Trump has us split. I am angry that she keeps bringing it up.
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
My roommate says she wants me to move out.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
I am depressed and always angry. I lose my temper and say racist things to people, and am miserable to be around. I got mad at my father inlaw for talking badly about President Trump on Thanksgiving, and I called everyone "a bunch of nigger lovers" and stormed out of the house. Been angry ever since.
there will be layoff to me
gf broke heart
my kids wont listen to me
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
Catching up with academic deadlines
I keep having dreams that I've forgotten to go to one of my classes and I won't graduate on time.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
My partner said he loved me and led me on. Then he went to cheat on me after one year of pretending he truly loved me. I am so sad and lonely and he is always with friends. It just isn't fair.
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
My friend has a girlfriend who is a real bitch. I can't stand how she treats me and others. I wish that my friend would dump her.
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
I am breaking up with my spouse
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
Trying to find a job
There is an event that happened about 5 years ago that I think started this emotion for me.It is ongoing and has affected all parts of my life.
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
lack of job has been a problem
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
I just woke up and felt sad and I cannot shake the feeling and I just want to cry and never leave bed
pandemic and family stress
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
How can I cope with losing my boyfriend to another woman?
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
I recently left my job because of a toxic environment but now I'm having trouble finding another and I'm running out of money.
no specific event to describe
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
I have been sad for a while now but lately due to not being able to find a job, i am feeling very low
Since the pandemic started my once strong friendships have become weak. we barely talk. Even my daughters God mother is not as present. I am unsure how to fortified those connections.
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
I have been feeling like my friends don't like me and it's making me feel bad.
I suffer from chronic depression and stress due to a number of factors. Currently, life is very overwhelming with medical issues plaguing myself, my husband and our two children. I can't catch a break and I'm feeling overwhelmed.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
My Board of Directors is going around me to my staff.
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
My husband and I are having a hard time communicating.
I am very anxious about loved ones with COVID right now and finances this close to the Holidays
Anxiety about losing my job
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
My boyfriend broke up with me in a facebook story. He won't tell me why. He won't return my calls or answer my messages. I think it is because I posted something (innocent) that made him jealous. But he is being so cruel. He posts many sad songs to make it seem like he is so hurt by me, but he won't even speak with me. I can't eat or sleep. I'm losing my mind.
I've just been feeling tired and sad lately especially with everything that's going on
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
I miss my girlfriend so much and she left me for my best friend.
I am scared to leave my town, I got new job in California
I'm frustrated with Covid, having family issues, and I'm the caregiver for my disabled sister. Plus the holidays have been cancelled and so I'm just pretty anxious and depressed.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
just always feel this way
Don't feel qualified for job I am applying for.
About to take a licensure exam for my field. I get 1 try a year to pass at a 90% rate. I deal with a lot of test anxiety and the current COVID-19 crisis has amplified my worries. How can I put myself at ease in the testing center and ace this exam?
JUST LOST A FRIEND , A VERY CLOSE TIGHT FRIEND THAT WAS ALWAYS THERE FOR ME
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
I am recently divorced. My ex-husband has moved in with his new, much younger girlfriend and they are discussing marriage. Although I am happy the marriage is over, I'm depressed because I have not had any romantic offers while he has moved on with no problem.
lost my job and will be living on the streets in 2 days
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
I feel like I am not living up to my potential and I am a disappointment to my family.
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
I just feel like every one hates me and no one really wants to be my friend. It feels like when someone is nice to me they are just doing it as a favor and they don’t really like me or care about me
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
lots of problems happening in my life so many family issues
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
Trying to find a job
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
My neighbors are all mad at me, because I was the cause of a mutual friend being evicted from our complex. Her dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week. I reported the incident to apartment management and Animal Control. She was told to get rid of her dog or move. She elected to move, but continued to say that she "got kicked out because of me". I guess friends liked her more, because now I'm the "bad guy".
i cant do well in school and they mock me
Constant feeling that I might be laid off. I really like my job and it pays good. I have a family and cannot afford to lose job. It will be super hard for me to find new job. I just never know then and if I get laid off. I work in cruise industry and it has been few tough months.
General daily stresses
I have developed "cabin fever". not being able to go out and do something has put me in depression.
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
I am feeling quite nervous, apprehensive and worried about the current pandemic. I fear that I, or my loved ones, can catch it and become very ill. Also, I feel a bit isolated, which has caused me to have a bit more negative feelings of sadness.
I'm worried that my job is in jeopardy.
I feel like I am never going to be good enough to make it on my own. I'm struggling with finding a job right now, paying for anything for myself, and taking care of my teenage son who's driving me nuts as he's doing school from home. I really feel like I'm in a pit that I'll never get out of.
trying to find a job with good hours
I HAVE NOT worked in 4 years and i feel very ashamed
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
finals are this week and i'm freaking out
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me and i do not know the reason
I can not find a career i am stressing
My (ex)fiancé and I recently broke up, but we're still spending a great deal of time together, and we both say we're not sure if our relationship is 100% "done" and agreed to tell each other if we start dating other people. He said he doesn't want to see anyone else, but I came over one night to find him with a woman. It was their third date.
The person ghosted me after we had an argument and I am really upset about it.
My girlfriend broke up with me because of race.
I am angry because my friend judged me for not buying my nephew a birthday gift.
ongoing depression every day . It s hard to even get out of bed
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
No money to celebrate christiamass
I am on short term disability and I am afraid I will lose my job if I don't go back soon.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
Fear of losing my job
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
when i met myb coworkers in job and they have not done has we had agreed , i get bored and irritated the whole day with negative mood due to the dissapointment they did not met the requirements we had set to attain by set date aside
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
Catching up with academic deadlines
We've been together for a long time and he decided to call it quits.
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
My finance is working out of the country till 2022 and I am left here by myself until he gets home. I have no friends and no one to talk to.
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
am sinking into depression
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I was already having a really bad day, from a run in I had with a very rude lady. Then I received a text from someone who I thought was my friend. She felt like I haven' t been there for her because I didn't pick up her call. I honestly didn't see her call and definitely would've got back to her, if I saw her call. She said mean and nasty things about me, which I don' t care about. But she did the wrong mistake of bringing my child into the equation, when he had nothing to do with it. I wanted to really beat the crap out of her because not only did she do that, she blocked my number and ran. Like I was beyond pissed.
Quarantine keeps going on and on.
I recently broke-up with my boyfriend. We were together 5 years.
lack of job has been a problem
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
I have a huge test coming up soon and I don't think I am ready for it.
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
I learned that my friend's husband was shot and killed over a drug deal. He was high at the time. My daughter carpools with his daughter every day and he was often the driver. Was he high when he was driving her around? I don't know how to act around my friend. Did she know?
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I have suffered from depression for twenty years and despair of every getting any better.
I am always in the mood of depression. I thought every thing going to be happen to me in wrong way
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I recently broke up with my partner. We have been dating for over 3 years. During this time with COVID and the election, I don't want to be alone. I feel lost.
crippling homework and procrastination i cant keep up in class
I'm about to lose my job because my company is not able to negotiate my existing contract and I'm unable to secure another job. I feel anxiety on what to do and next steps to take.
I am having financial problems and i am worried i will not be able afford my kids christmas presents.
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
I only have two weeks left to make major revisions to my scientific paper that was recently submitted to a journal. I am freaking out.
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
the pandemic
I was going to marry my girlfriend but she broke up with me a prior to proposing for an unknown reason.
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me and i do not know the reason
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
I am supposed to be getting married overseas but I cannot because of the border policy due to COVID
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
I live with four friends/ housemates. I like them, but at the same time we are stuck together every day 24/7. Small things add up; I am getting increasingly annoyed by their behaviors and their inconsideration for others.
Conflict with parents
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
Boss keeps hitting on a co-worker, who really doesn't like the guy. What can I do to make it stop?
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
I am worried about losing my job due to COVID
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I have a very good friend whom I have noticed does not tell me the truth , she cherry picks what she wants to tell me. I have also noticed that she doesn't call me unless I call. What got me so upset what was she did the last time I called her. She got me off the phone in a matter of seconds saying that she will call back , but never did. I felt so dejected and promised never to call her back again.
I had a situation which is actually forced me to break up with my partner. It gives me pain. However I strongly believed that my partner would feel about this. But he just took it easy. This hurts me a lot.
My friends don't understand my choices to get married quickly and buy a house
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
My partner and I decided to part ways due to cheating and I have completely lost trust in any MEN out there now. I feel super helpless and need some advice and support.
My dad and I do not talk anymore even though we used to be close.
I am dealing with a COVID-19 quarantining situation. Can't interact with family and friends. Wife is super paranoid about the virus.
Haven't been able to find a companion for years, loneliness has driven me to depression.
My husband keeps wasting money and we are having a hard time making ends meet. We'd be fine if he didn't overspend, but he's addicted to it.
i'm in depression because recently i lost my job
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
I keep trying to get started, but my kitchen mess seems so overwhelming.
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
I have a very good friend whom I have noticed does not tell me the truth , she cherry picks what she wants to tell me. I have also noticed that she doesn't call me unless I call. What got me so upset what was she did the last time I called her. She got me off the phone in a matter of seconds saying that she will call back , but never did. I felt so dejected and promised never to call her back again.
I keep having dreams that I've forgotten to go to one of my classes and I won't graduate on time.
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
I am separated from my wife and in the middle of a PhD program and am using alcohol to numb the pain.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
i worry that they will never stop pressuring me to go back to work. even though i have a disability that keeps me from doing that. the thought of talking about it makes me feel major anxiety
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
I am losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for work right now
Since the pandemic started my once strong friendships have become weak. we barely talk. Even my daughters God mother is not as present. I am unsure how to fortified those connections.
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
just can not get out of a bad mood
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
i have depression because recently i lost my job
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
no specific event to describe
I just broke up with my boyfriend. I am really depressed and lonely now.
Daily, normal activites of life are hard for me to be motivated to do or to complete them at all due to my depression. I feel ashamed that I am not like other people who can complete things like hygiene care without a struggle.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
I was let go from my job of 30 years.
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
friend has possible COVID and going to hospital today for tests
I need to get straight A's to get into graduate school.
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
I LOVE MY FRIEND BUT TODAY FIGHT
I have a very stressful meeting tomorrow morning. I'm feeling nervous and anxious about it.
Covid 19 and not being able to see my friends and family
I got fired from my job during the pandemic, I don't know if I'll be able to find another job.
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
I am living with a controlling mentally abusive husband
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I can't figure out why my friends don't understand why I want to keep a bit distant during COVID
I have a friend who knew me since I was little, she is closer to my mother's age so she is kinda like my aunt growing up. She always treat me like I was little. I understand that she knew me since I was little. But I'm a grown woman now and I want our relationship to go far and grow more. I tried to explain it to her but she is not getting it. It's made me feel sad that we can't move our relationship further.
Remote working is unfavorable
My boyfriend and I broke up and I cant stop crying. I am depressed about being alone.
I failed my Finals and now I am on academic probation. I am afraid I will be expelled.
I've been studying very hard for this class, but I have been performing very poorly. This is the first time I have done this bad and I just feel so incompetent. Nothing I do seems to work.
I failed an exam last semester and have to stay in school for another year.
I just broke up with my boyfriend and I hinestly don't know what to do
need for good grades
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
I have a problem with a job. I can't find the job for a long time. When the covid started most of the jobs was closed. As I dont have any higher education, it's hard to find a real one with a good salary. But as all jobs, like waiters, adn so on still closed, it get me the depression.
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
I feel anxious all the time about covid and trying to make money.
It is the anniversary of my fiance's death. I am having extreme depression and saddness.
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
masters degree
I am in the middle of job hunting but it has been very difficult to find one during the pandemic. This really upsets me.
I have been recently laid out because of COVID-19 and not solved yet.
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I feel I am getting looked over for a promotion/raise at work and it is causing anxiety and fear that I don’t have longevity at my company and that I’m not being valued.
Covid 19 stress with the added stress of the holduas
my family neglected me
caught my girlfriend cheating on me with my neighbor its was so horrible scene for me all i could do was cry and drink because i love her so much, the pain was much that all i could think of was killing her and myself, Guess its isn't wrong if i kill the guy he cheated with too?
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
I keep putting of my work because I'm afraid i'll fail at it. I just need to process the data, but I don't know why I keep putting it off. I feel angry at myself
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
my kids wont listen to me
I was going to marry my girlfriend but she broke up with me a prior to proposing for an unknown reason.
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
I have been suffering from depression for many years due to emotional trauma
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
I keep procrastinating cleaning, doing crafts, etc, stuff that I want to do and to get done, but that I seem to be unmotivated to do. It's frustrating.
Raising grandson and he is being very difficult and not listening. I also have a lot of medical issues that limit my abilities. And my grandson's father is no help, he just drops him off and leaves, never asks if need anything or how I am doing.
trying to find a job in this town is almost impossible, it is either fast food, walmart, or if you know someone the chemical plants. i need to get out of the place i am in or i am going to go insane. i cant do that without more income.
impending academic deadlines
I need to make more money right now to support myself, But I love my job and I am scared to leave it. And start over.
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
I have a very good friend whom I have noticed does not tell me the truth , she cherry picks what she wants to tell me. I have also noticed that she doesn't call me unless I call. What got me so upset what was she did the last time I called her. She got me off the phone in a matter of seconds saying that she will call back , but never did. I felt so dejected and promised never to call her back again.
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
i and this lady went on a date last week, we were both in love and so i asked her out on our first date.... she told me yes the next day slept over at her place and we had sex... after a week she started behaving strange.. by the time i called her so we could talk she said she doesn't love me anymore
My boyfriend broke up with me and he had control of all our expenses and now im broke and dont have a place to stay so I feel really depressed
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
My girlfriend broke up with me and now I have no motivation and I am depressed most of the time.
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
My boy friend left me for nothing, I tried to ask for explanation but i won't get any thing , make me depressed and felt alone.
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
I feel I am getting looked over for a promotion/raise at work and it is causing anxiety and fear that I don’t have longevity at my company and that I’m not being valued.
just down
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
I can not hang out with my friends due to COVID-19. I miss them a lot but they are high risk.
I have a very stressful meeting tomorrow morning. I'm feeling nervous and anxious about it.
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
Since getting a new job I feel like I'm constantly trying to prove myself. I measure myself against other people and just don't feel I'm good enough I'm having a real issue with my confidence at the moment
covid no work
I am worry about lost the job during this pandemic.
fighting with my husband all the time and not seeing eye to eye. felling unwanted and unloved
I just can't seem to unwind at night.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
my friend stud me up for a weekend trip cost was then all on me and she has been badmouthing me ever since. Saying I am the bad person because of a voicemail left her
My boss recently left the company and I am not getting the information from her boss that I need. It is worrisome.
NO MOTIVATION
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
I am depressed as I feel I am not good enough or doing enough in life.
The person ghosted me after we had an argument and I am really upset about it.
I don't have enough money to pay bills. I am so scared. I need help.
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
I am always in the mood of depression. I thought every thing going to be happen to me in wrong way
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
Me and a close friend of mine got in an arguement because she dated a guy that I had just broke up with and I dated a guy that she had just broke up with
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
i was furloughed
I have been struggling since I lost my job. I have been on the lookout for a new job, tried doing menial jobs just to get by, but nothing seems to be available.
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
Hope I will not die? My doctor told me not to smoke again, I tried to stop for the past five years that I have been coughing seriously but all the effort was aborted.
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
My finance is working out of the country till 2022 and I am left here by myself until he gets home. I have no friends and no one to talk to.
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
Fear of layoff from my job
My company is making people redundant and I am stressed.
I miss seeing my friends
I lost friend as she does not reach out to me anymore and wonder why.
I am worry about lost the job during this pandemic.
My friend's are Trump supporters. It hurts because it does not follow my values and morals.
I'm angry at my mother, she never seems to understand me and always criticize everything I do whether good or bad.
I recently faced a breakup with my partner..
I am battling with letting my past childhood trauma effect my relationship and the raising of my child.
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
Quit job due to stress. Trying to find a good job that is remote and not soul numbing has been hard. I just want to be a stay at home person. I have anxiety about job search.
It is the anniversary of my fiance's death. I am having extreme depression and saddness.
This pandemic has me depressed everyday and the drugs are not helping, before something else happens to me or I do something stupid, help.....
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. I WANT TO ACHEIVE SOMETHING IN MY LIFE. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS AND ALSO I THINK ABOUT IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. SO THIS MAKES ME DEPRESSED PERSON AND EVEN I CAN'T TALK WITH MY FRIENDS WELL
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
I am very scared about next college semester it is frightening
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
caught my girlfriend cheating on me with my neighbor its was so horrible scene for me all i could do was cry and drink because i love her so much, the pain was much that all i could think of was killing her and myself, Guess its isn't wrong if i kill the guy he cheated with too?
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
I'm in depression because i lost my job
COVID, job pressure, stress with partner, sharing custody of my son, recuperating from cancer treatment
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
I am struggling with my law school exam prep. I'm not sure if I can make it through law school
I keep procrastinating cleaning, doing crafts, etc, stuff that I want to do and to get done, but that I seem to be unmotivated to do. It's frustrating.
no money and cant find work
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
We've been together for a long time and he decided to call it quits.
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
I have struggled with depression for a while but recently it seems to be getting worse, with no clear reason.
EVER SINCE THIS PANDEMIC HAS EMERGED IT JUST SEEMS LIKE THINGS HAVE BEEN GOING DOWN INSTEAD OF UP. PRIOR TO THE PANDEMIC, I HAD A JOB OF 10 YEARS, CHILDREN WERE GROWING INTO TEENAGERS, AND THE HUSBAND WAS OUT OF TOWN WORKING AS HE HAS DONE OUR ENTIRE 21 YEAR MARRIAGE. WELL SINCE THE PANDEMIC, I WAS IMMEDIATELY LET GO AT WORK. THE TEENAGERS WERE SCENTENCED TO DITIGITAL LEARNING AND MY HUSBAND DID EVERYTHING HE COULD POSSIBLY DO TO HOLD THE ONLY JOB AND INCOME THE WAS COMING INTO THE HOME. BUT EVENTUALLY JUST A MONTH AGO THAT WAS TAKEN OUT FROM UNDER US AS WELL. I DIDNT MIND NOT WORKING ALTHOUGH IT WAS AN ESCAPE FROM MY MOTHERLY DUTIES AND THE REALITY OF BEING A FULL TIME WIFE. BUT NOW THAT WE HAVE REACHED JUST OVER A YEAR OF THE PANDEMIC IT HAS BROKEN ME DOWN IN SO MANY WAYS IT FEELS LIKE. THE WHOLE YEAR WITH JUST THE HUSBAND WORKING WEVE STRUGGLED TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE AND PAY THE MONTHLY EXPENSES THAT COME WITH THE ADULT LIFE AND NOW IM A MESS
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
I miss my girlfriend, I feel I have no one in my life.
I have a very stressful meeting tomorrow morning. I'm feeling nervous and anxious about it.
I am getting a divorce. My ex is fighting a lot over child support and visitation.
Parents are pressuring me to become a doctor
Car accident led to traumatic brain injury and PTSD having nightmares 2x a week.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
Having a lot going on in life and school and feeling very stressed.
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
not communicative all of a sudden, not wanting to speak over phone too
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
I have a final in my class tomorrow, and if I don't get at least a B on the exam I might not pass the class.
I am qualified for a promotion but my boss won't promote me
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
I need to leave my job as I do not make enough money, however I love my job and hate to leave.
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
I am extremely stressed with work and am very unhappy.
covid
My boyfriend broke up with me in a facebook story. He won't tell me why. He won't return my calls or answer my messages. I think it is because I posted something (innocent) that made him jealous. But he is being so cruel. He posts many sad songs to make it seem like he is so hurt by me, but he won't even speak with me. I can't eat or sleep. I'm losing my mind.
when i met myb coworkers in job and they have not done has we had agreed , i get bored and irritated the whole day with negative mood due to the dissapointment they did not met the requirements we had set to attain by set date aside
Fear of layoff from job
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
not communicative all of a sudden, not wanting to speak over phone too
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
lack of job has been a problem
For a long time I have struggled with depression
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
My boy friend left me for nothing, I tried to ask for explanation but i won't get any thing , make me depressed and felt alone.
I am alone and have no friends.
there will be layoff to me
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
I lost my job due to the fact my employer could not make a medical exemption for me. My wife works part-time now but I need to try to make money on the side so I can watch my daughter.
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
breakup with my lover
I used to love my field of study, But soon after entering the university I started skipping the classes and failing. I lost my interest and there was nothing to motivate me.
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
struggling with my demons
I found out my partner was cheating on me and I just feel betrayed and heartbroken.
covid depression
My friends are going out to the bar without me tonight.
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
I recently broke up with my partner. We have been dating for over 3 years. During this time with COVID and the election, I don't want to be alone. I feel lost.
my girlfriend dumped me. sad.
breakup with lover
My ex-boyfriend and I decided to split after 6 years and we are also deciding who will be moving from our shared apartment.
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
I can not find a career i am stressing
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I feel I am failing in my graduate program. I feel that I am not good enough to earn my doctorate degree.
I left my home due to income reduction, and live with sibling.
My boyfriend and I broke up and I cant stop crying. I am depressed about being alone.
I broke up with a guy. I still talk to him. He might want me back-not sure. There is another guy who is interested in me now, However he's going through a divorce and keeps putting off seeing me.
I feel that my friends do not really like me much and do not want to meet me
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
I always make my goals ealry and every so often before an breakthrough I make the best cut I can get. I want to make myself less suscepatable to self sabotage and intrusions.
I just feel really depressed all the time, I feel like my life has no meaning
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
I have recently been diagnosed with cancer. I am currently undergoing chemo. The whole situation has caused my anxiety and depression to be so much worse.
I am suffering from health anxiety and staying home and aftiad of going out
Lay off from the job
stree leads to depression
Fights on my friends circle some conversation going to long and some bad talking to both of us.
Anxiety about losing my job
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
my kids wont listen to me
Every night I try to go to sleep and I am actually tired but once in bed I cannot stop thinking about tons of things and I cannot fell asleep.
I am having a very hard time finding a job due to covid.
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
Quit job due to stress. Trying to find a good job that is remote and not soul numbing has been hard. I just want to be a stay at home person. I have anxiety about job search.
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and another 10% has been furloughed.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
I wanted to start having sex with other women from the Internet and my wife would not allow it.
Iam facing a lot of academic pressure to coplete the degree on time..
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
My husband and I constantly argue about discipline of our kids.
friends trying to let me down
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
My best friend flirted with my wife and asked if she wants to have sex with her.
I fear my depression is getting worse. This pandemic is taking a toll on me.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I have broken up with my partner of two years, she is amazing but I ended it as I thought my feelings had changed. I broke her heart but now I think I want her back but in afraid she might have moved on.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
I am angry because I think my husband is controlling but he says I dont understand what controlling is
Depressed due to a breakup
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
My husband and I constantly argue about discipline of our kids.
I have broken up with my partner of two years, she is amazing but I ended it as I thought my feelings had changed. I broke her heart but now I think I want her back but in afraid she might have moved on.
my age (66), uselessness,fear of death
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
I work in the night. I have to sleep in the day. This is for throughout the year. I strive for sound sleeping. I become depressed of insufficient sleeping.
I have this certification program I took about two years ago that allowed me to be marketable out there and it's about to expire. I'm currently under pressure to retake the certification and I'm not quite ready. I will loose my license if I don't , time is running out and I currently feel lost in the predicament I have found myself.
My best friend can be kind of a tool when he is drinking alcohol. I think that he forgets to chill out sometimes and says stuff that is upsetting and does not think it through when he is saying is. Recently this occurred when talking about politics. In general we have the same beliefs but he put it over the top.
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
I need to get straight A's to get into graduate school.
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
I broke up with my partner because she was constantly neglecting me. She showed little interest in doing things together and I had enough of trying to please her. She ends up with a new guy just two weeks later.
I am very scared about next college semester it is frightening
I am working all the time and don’t have time for my family.
Fear of layoff from work
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
My neighbors are all mad at me, because I was the cause of a mutual friend being evicted from our complex. Her dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week. I reported the incident to apartment management and Animal Control. She was told to get rid of her dog or move. She elected to move, but continued to say that she "got kicked out because of me". I guess friends liked her more, because now I'm the "bad guy".
covid
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
academic stress
Hello. My baby of 11 years had passed away last week. This would be my pomeranian and I am devastated. I am fearful now of getting another puppy during Corona.
My boyfriend cheated on me a year ago but I just found out. It was with my best friend and I am so grossed out and mad.
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
i c ant beleive how some of my friends voted
Work is extremely stressful. I work 12 hour days and I feel like I have no time to do the things I like.
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
Depression about pandemic
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
I feel disgusted by the way my teenage daughter dresses up. She wears very tight and revealing clothing. I have tried before to talk to her about modesty but she continues to dress that way.
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
Hope I will not die? My doctor told me not to smoke again, I tried to stop for the past five years that I have been coughing seriously but all the effort was aborted.
school keeps dragging on and it's getting very tough to continue
feel alone. have no one to talk to about things. feel depressed,sad,hopeless. on top of feeling depressed i am also stressed out about my finances
I have just lost my job, and am experiencing depression, as a result of financial worry.
I just don't really feel enthused about anything right now. I feel like I can't make any future plans, and that I don't have anything to look forward to.
I feel like I am not living up to my potential and I am a disappointment to my family.
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
For the last few weeks everything is an effort. I just can't get motivated. Why clean the house it will just get messed up again and no one else cares. I feel bad for my dog I don't even take him for walks anymore. Things that usually cheer me up or make me happy just seem pointless. No matter how hard I try I get nowhere. I just want to sleep until these feelings go away if they ever do
New boss who is difficult
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
Daily, normal activites of life are hard for me to be motivated to do or to complete them at all due to my depression. I feel ashamed that I am not like other people who can complete things like hygiene care without a struggle.
I broke up with a partner and I’m verbally upset and emotionally upset as well
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
I just feel really depressed all the time, I feel like my life has no meaning
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
I have lost my job because of COVID19
My mind is consumed by depression
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
Constantly arguing with my best friend, we never see eye to eye on important things on my life.
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
I lost my job and cant find another one
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
I lost my job 8 months ago and I haven't been able to find anything. So as a result I have felt very depressed because my life has lost all sense of structure.
Iam facing a lot of academic pressure to coplete the degree on time..
I feel depressed about being lonely and sad.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
Long day of work. Came home early, ended up catching my partner having an affair with my roommate
Hope I will not die? My doctor told me not to smoke again, I tried to stop for the past five years that I have been coughing seriously but all the effort was aborted.
Friends keep calling my face ugly
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
we recently broke up and now i am very sad.
I need to leave my job as I do not make enough money, however I love my job and hate to leave.
Fear of layoff from my job
Distance learning is difficult. I'm having trouble with school and my grades seem to be dropping.
I am separated from my wife and in the middle of a PhD program and am using alcohol to numb the pain.
I lost my job and very distressed about it
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
alcoholism
Fear of layoff from job
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
I found out my partner was cheating on me and I just feel betrayed and heartbroken.
My son has bipolar disorder and he is only 9. He has delusions and has lost his mind for a month now. He is in the hospital and I am terrified he won't get it back. He has delusions and I'm worried.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
Iam feeling very sadness after breaking up with my girlfriend.
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
I am really good at self-isolating. I am in a new area and do not really have any friends nor really have the want from most people. Though I do feel lonely at times.
General daily stresses
Covid 19 and not being able to see my friends and family
I tested positive for Covid.
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
My boy friend left me for nothing, I tried to ask for explanation but i won't get any thing , make me depressed and felt alone.
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
COVID-19 made me lose my beautiful job which I admire a lot and I am searching for another one which is not fort coming. Please what can I do now?
My (ex)fiancé and I recently broke up, but we're still spending a great deal of time together, and we both say we're not sure if our relationship is 100% "done" and agreed to tell each other if we start dating other people. He said he doesn't want to see anyone else, but I came over one night to find him with a woman. It was their third date.
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
I asked my friend if she would go to the store with me because I was feeling down and overwhelmed with kids. She said she was too tired so she would have to pass this time. I was angry because I always support her when she is down or needs it. When I need it, she is nowhere to be seen. It's okay I guess for her to be depressed, but no one else can, because she has already monopolized that emotion. How can you ask someone for help when you are feeling depressed when they are depressed themselves?
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
I'm mad at my boyfriend for not taking responsibility.
Every day is a struggle, I wake up feeling hopeless, and I am having really bad anxiety attacks that I can't calm down from.
I suffered bullying at school. for the simple fact of being not very fat but if stuffed, they called me a cow, they made the expression of a cow, they threw my bag in the trash, I had no friends. It was hard and strong to be able to study there, after that they changed my school, everything was fine until those from the previous school found out where I was studying and the bullying started again. It has had an impact on my life, I believe that even my feelings are the same, I have not been able to forget it.
I am in a deep depression, have no friends or family to talk to. I also started drinking
I recently had a baby and iam facing postpartum depression
I am very scared about next college semester it is frightening
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
My neighbors are all mad at me, because I was the cause of a mutual friend being evicted from our complex. Her dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week. I reported the incident to apartment management and Animal Control. She was told to get rid of her dog or move. She elected to move, but continued to say that she "got kicked out because of me". I guess friends liked her more, because now I'm the "bad guy".
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
My new supervisor hates me. She already hated me before she was my boss. In addition to being a terrible manager, she has made a personal goal to inhibit my ability to do my job. She has taken from me all parts of my job that I value. This upsets me personally and I am sad & angry that the rest of my team, who I care about, is no longer supported. We have no recourse to solve this problem.
Everything was going crazy in the world with COVID. I was worried about my daughter and her education. Then suddenly, I lose a lot of my hours at work and have to quit one of my jobs due to the virus and becoming her main caretaker again. This really makes me nervous because the price of everything is continually going up and I have little excess money to spend.
Near failing a class that will pretty much depend my future career
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
I am in the process of applying to colleges and my parents are making a big deal of getting into the school of their choice. If I do not, it is up to me to find a way to pay for college.
My close friend died because of Covid-19 last month, it bothers me a lot and i constantly feel depression.
I have a final in my class tomorrow, and if I don't get at least a B on the exam I might not pass the class.
girlfriend broke my heart
A coworker feels that I am discriminating against her because I give corrective feedback on procedures she is doing wrong. There have been numerous occasions of her wrongdoing.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
daily stresses
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
I recently broke up with my boyfriend and I'm having a hard time because it's almost the holidays.
I am having a very hard time finding a job due to covid.
I am sad about finding out my boyfriend broke up with me because he saw where I came from .
i worry that they will never stop pressuring me to go back to work. even though i have a disability that keeps me from doing that. the thought of talking about it makes me feel major anxiety
I have a huge test coming up soon and I don't think I am ready for it.
My neighbors are all mad at me, because I was the cause of a mutual friend being evicted from our complex. Her dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week. I reported the incident to apartment management and Animal Control. She was told to get rid of her dog or move. She elected to move, but continued to say that she "got kicked out because of me". I guess friends liked her more, because now I'm the "bad guy".
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
I live with four friends/ housemates. I like them, but at the same time we are stuck together every day 24/7. Small things add up; I am getting increasingly annoyed by their behaviors and their inconsideration for others.
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
i have no friends
breakup with partner
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
NO MOTIVATION
A friend keeps talking lies
How can I cope with losing my boyfriend to another woman?
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
My industry shut down due to Covid-19 and I am currently seeking work but very financially behind and stresed about it.
My business is suffering because of the pandemic. I'm very worried I won't be able to pay my bills soon.
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
when i lost my job and i was at home for long time due to no job i felt very shame on me and eat lot and gained much weight so i felt so lonely and no job no body structure no boy friend .i am literally nothing
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
My school is extremely rigorous and I'm experiencing difficulty with anxiety
My partner broke up with me a few days ago
I am having a very hard time finding a job due to covid.
I am so scared of going out and finding a job due to Covid 19 but I need to work right now . my bills are piling up
My partner and I decided to part ways due to cheating and I have completely lost trust in any MEN out there now. I feel super helpless and need some advice and support.
I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I interviewed for.
I am extremely stressed with work and am very unhappy.
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
I failed a few of my midterms and now I'm very apprehensive about my finals.
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
I had some recent car trouble and the problem has gotten worse. It has caused the mechanic bill to get bigger and bigger and I don't know how I am going to pay for it.
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
I got a bad grade on a paper
I don't know what to do anymore, everything in my life is going downward.
She dumped me months ago, but I can't get over her. Other women just don't appeal to me.
I've dealt with a lot of stress lately, even before the covid 19 was even heard of. It's ongoing now. I have even more now.
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
Ex girlfriend issues.
Time of the year when family is not around
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
I'm in the depression because of todays market situation
my boss does not care about my and there is no guidance complete ignorance due to the fact that I am a female in a male domain
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I miss seeing my friends in person and I havent heard from them in a while
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
I haven't been able to sleep well worried about so many things.
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
My friends are going out to the bar without me tonight.
My friend thinks I put her second ever since I had children and she no longer wants to continue our 13 year friendship
I failed a few of my midterms and now I'm very apprehensive about my finals.
I just broke up with my boyfriend. I am really depressed and lonely now.
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
Loss of job and the pandemic
Going to lose my job in January, not sure what to do about that.
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
I fear that I might never be loved again. I feel so lonely.
I recently lost my grandmother and today grief came out of nowhere for the first time in a few weeks. Feeling very down.
I am drinkin beers almost every day
Fear about losing a job
I recently broke up with my boyfriend and I'm having a hard time because it's almost the holidays.
I cannot deal with the death of a parent. This was some years ago but still badly affects me.
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
My friend's are Trump supporters. It hurts because it does not follow my values and morals.
breakup with partner
Cause of the covid, I have problems with study and communication. I have problem in my University, also problems how to communicate with people after 1 year, of lockdown.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
It is finals week at my college and I am very anxious about it.
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
I'm really nervous about my finals coming up. I want to do well!
My friend decided to leave her husband to pursue a woman and I don't support her.
covid depression
I need to make more money right now to support myself, But I love my job and I am scared to leave it. And start over.
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
NO MOTIVATION
End of job contract
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
just everyday life
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
I feel like my employees are working against me.
My ex-partner told me yesterday that after being engaged for almost a year, he no longer wants to marry me and he moved out.
I'm worried I will never find love again and I'm not getting any younger
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
These mofos are trying to charge me an "administrative processing fee" for helping gather some supplies!! Taxin' my packages man!
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
I have to repeat one of my classes over winter break, but I have plans with family. I will lose my scholarship if i dont pass
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
My depression is getting worse and worse due to this pandemic. I feel like things will turn for the worse in my life.
Not being able to do my daily routine is really getting to me. It's hard to get up every morning.
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
Just lost my job. Don't know how to continue with my lifestyle.
It is finals week and i have a lot to do. I have been having bad dreams about my grades and future.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
a friend is going in for quadruple bypass surgery
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
My kids are driving me crazy now that we are all having to work and school our kids from home. My husband and I both work from home now because of Corona. My 15 year old boy and 8 year old girl argue after they finish schooling and my husband and I are still working. It is starting to interrupt the quality of our work, Any suggestions? They are going crazy since the emergence of the Corona Virus.
I recently lost my grandmother and today grief came out of nowhere for the first time in a few weeks. Feeling very down.
My friends don't understand my choices to get married quickly and buy a house
am sinking into depression
My company is going through a restructure and i am worried about my job
I was already having a really bad day, from a run in I had with a very rude lady. Then I received a text from someone who I thought was my friend. She felt like I haven' t been there for her because I didn't pick up her call. I honestly didn't see her call and definitely would've got back to her, if I saw her call. She said mean and nasty things about me, which I don' t care about. But she did the wrong mistake of bringing my child into the equation, when he had nothing to do with it. I wanted to really beat the crap out of her because not only did she do that, she blocked my number and ran. Like I was beyond pissed.
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
I TALK WITH MY FRIENDSHIP
My husband and I are having a hard time communicating.
the current pandemic
I am worry about lost the job during this pandemic.
I lost my job Due to COVID-19 , I really work hard for the company for past five years but they just through out from the company.
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
I have a very good friend whom I have noticed does not tell me the truth , she cherry picks what she wants to tell me. I have also noticed that she doesn't call me unless I call. What got me so upset what was she did the last time I called her. She got me off the phone in a matter of seconds saying that she will call back , but never did. I felt so dejected and promised never to call her back again.
I need to get straight A's to get into graduate school.
I can't stop eating at work
Lay off from the job
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
Since getting a new job I feel like I'm constantly trying to prove myself. I measure myself against other people and just don't feel I'm good enough I'm having a real issue with my confidence at the moment
Covid 19 stress with the added stress of the holduas
COVID-19 has changed the way we learn and the last year has been really difficult. I don't feel as connected in my classes and I plan to apply to grad school. I don't know how this will affect me as I begin to think about programs to apply to next year.
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
I am separated from my wife and in the middle of a PhD program and am using alcohol to numb the pain.
I have finals coming up and I am afraid I an not smart enough to pass
I suffer from chronic depression and stress due to a number of factors. Currently, life is very overwhelming with medical issues plaguing myself, my husband and our two children. I can't catch a break and I'm feeling overwhelmed.
I feel like my employees are working against me.
I see a text message from my ex-wife's phone that states "you look sexier now that you did this morning." I was the major sign that my marriage was in trouble and why would my wife cheat on me.
Feeling depressed and doesn't feel doing like anything.
My neighbors are all mad at me, because I was the cause of a mutual friend being evicted from our complex. Her dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week. I reported the incident to apartment management and Animal Control. She was told to get rid of her dog or move. She elected to move, but continued to say that she "got kicked out because of me". I guess friends liked her more, because now I'm the "bad guy".
Working four departments at once
I drank too much and don't remember what happened last night.
my girlfriend was break up with me i found out that she was cheating on me
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
I experience sleepless nights so frequently since I lost my best friend due to Covid 19. I keep on having memories we had growing up together. When I think about this things I cannot sleep sometimes for an entire night.
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
I don't like any of my friends. In fact, I don't think I like anyone.
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
My set of friends with include 6 close women are falling apart because of not communicating often and not being physically close to one another. It is really weird how being apart from one another can really change strong relationships. I am still close with everyone but I can not say the same about everyone else. We have all known each other for 25 years and it makes me sad and anxious that when we come out corona it won't be the same. Specifically, two of my besties are arguing with each other over a piece of sensitive gossip that was shared outside our group. Someone feels betrayed and I want to help them both without taking sides.
I can't cope with Martins any more, he is a big liar
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
i couldnt sleep because my neighbors were partying and playing loud music
I broke up with my ex partner and found out they cheated on me
my best friend became phys-co and torturing all his friends by blackmailing all photos with him.he started with me also i got so much fear and issues
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
I became jobless. My boss and I had a disagreement and she terminated me.
My pet died last week and I also failed my exam
Trying to get my own small crafting business off the ground.
I have no motivation to finish my work assignments
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I dont know what to do with out her.
Everything was going crazy in the world with COVID. I was worried about my daughter and her education. Then suddenly, I lose a lot of my hours at work and have to quit one of my jobs due to the virus and becoming her main caretaker again. This really makes me nervous because the price of everything is continually going up and I have little excess money to spend.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
I have nobody in my life that supports me. No purpose to my life. My husband treats me like dirt. I am just so frustrated with being sad all the time but just when I think it is looking up, I get knocked down again.
I was already having a really bad day, from a run in I had with a very rude lady. Then I received a text from someone who I thought was my friend. She felt like I haven' t been there for her because I didn't pick up her call. I honestly didn't see her call and definitely would've got back to her, if I saw her call. She said mean and nasty things about me, which I don' t care about. But she did the wrong mistake of bringing my child into the equation, when he had nothing to do with it. I wanted to really beat the crap out of her because not only did she do that, she blocked my number and ran. Like I was beyond pissed.
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
My partner broke up with me a few days ago
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I keep having dreams that I've forgotten to go to one of my classes and I won't graduate on time.
I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I interviewed for.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
ongoing depression every day . It s hard to even get out of bed
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
I failed an exam last semester and have to stay in school for another year.
I don't have enough money to pay bills. I am so scared. I need help.
My beautiful Daughter is married to a man that does not treat her well. Gas-lights her continiually. This has rubbed off on their 5 year old daughter.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
a friend is going in for quadruple bypass surgery
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
I think I need to break up with my girlfriend because my feelings have changed
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
i have an exam coming up and i have not studied and its too late to cover the course work
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
My Board of Directors is going around me to my staff.
lot of problems in my working climate.my supervisor is very strict and angry man. any problem create in lot of issues in work place.
just everyday life
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
due to the corona virus we are all on reduced hours
I made a mistake at work by not calling a placement for a resident and now they are unable to leave in time and my boss is upset.
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
Don't feel qualified for job I am applying for.
I am in the process of applying to colleges and my parents are making a big deal of getting into the school of their choice. If I do not, it is up to me to find a way to pay for college.
I've been so blessed to have such a great job but thanks to Corona, my works has come to a screeching halt. I'm so anxious because I don't know when my next check will be or for how much. The pressure and stress is almost too much.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
During the past 2.5 years I have been sober, my mentor along the way turned into my very best friend and now the love of my life...but I am married, and so is she...and I have absolutely no one i can talk to now about this.
I'm frustrated with Covid, having family issues, and I'm the caregiver for my disabled sister. Plus the holidays have been cancelled and so I'm just pretty anxious and depressed.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
Anxiety about losing my job
I am very nervous about my fianl paper.
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
Just failed a huge test in my class and may not graduate this semester
my kids wont listen to me
I fear my depression is getting worse. This pandemic is taking a toll on me.
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
I found out my partner was cheating on me and I just feel betrayed and heartbroken.
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
I'm in depression because i lost my job
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
I learned that my friend's husband was shot and killed over a drug deal. He was high at the time. My daughter carpools with his daughter every day and he was often the driver. Was he high when he was driving her around? I don't know how to act around my friend. Did she know?
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
i just broke up with my girlfriend last week. I found her cheating
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
nothing i do pleases my boss
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
My boyfriend broke up with me because he didn't want a relationship with someone who had kids.
I am worried about failing my college math exams and being kicked out of school.
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
My wife of 6 years decided one day last week she wanted to end things. This comes after finding out we cannot have anymore children. So its a combination of the 2.
I applied with a lot of companies and never hear back. I need money for the holidays.
Feeling depressed and doesn't feel doing like anything.
My aunt died a week ago who was 90. Was very close to her.
I am worried about losing my job due to COVID
I have not been able to find a job
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
My son had heart surgery this year and is in the midst of being diagnosed with CP. I work with a lot of people and am terrified I could catch COVID and it will kill him.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
I went and spent so much money on xmas gifts and now I don't know how I can pay the credit cards off
I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
I have finals coming up and I'm very nervous for them.
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
Pretty down with the lack of securing a job and improving my finaces.
My friends will not even call me half the time even though I am always calling them and trying to get together.
My boyfriend broke up with me and he had control of all our expenses and now im broke and dont have a place to stay so I feel really depressed
when i met myb coworkers in job and they have not done has we had agreed , i get bored and irritated the whole day with negative mood due to the dissapointment they did not met the requirements we had set to attain by set date aside
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
Ongoing anxiety about small things but seem to be much bigger in my head.
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
My fiance and I are splitting up after 5 years and I feel like I'm starting over again.
Fear of layoff from work
My dog died
i have no friends
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
Ive gained some weight after having my kids. I havent been able to lose or go below 150. so nothing fits, or nothing looks good on me anymore. and i feel thats why my boyfriend doesnt compliment me ever or make me feel wanted at all.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
Life in general has been hard for me and my husband has been really sick for weeks now.
Nervous about a test in the future because I do not know if I am learning well enough because of lack of in-person teaching.
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
My friend thinks I put her second ever since I had children and she no longer wants to continue our 13 year friendship
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about finding a new one.
I have been struggling since I lost my job. I have been on the lookout for a new job, tried doing menial jobs just to get by, but nothing seems to be available.
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
My close friend died because of Covid-19 last month, it bothers me a lot and i constantly feel depression.
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
I was in a relationship with the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen or been with. We have been dating for about 3 years and I was planning on spending the rest of my life with her. But I eventually lost her and everything all in a matter of months.
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
I decided to separate from my husband after finding myself incredibly unhappy.
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
trying to find a job with good hours
I just feel generally down.
I love my parents but they want me to pursue business major while I am doing a psychology major to be Physician Assistant one day. They feel I am letting them down but in reality I want to be in the medicine field. I do not know what to do
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
My boyfriend and I broke up and I cant stop crying. I am depressed about being alone.
I have a lot of homework and work, and thinking of the future is very stressful, I am not sure how to plan all my work and handle everything.
I lost my job.
The feel of isolation during pandemic and being an immigrant without any family closeby.
I got a B+ in a class that I deserved an A- in and when I contacted the professor, he called me a liar. This really put me in a bad mood because I tried really hard in his class and he would not hear my case out.
My best friend of 5 years said they hated me.
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
lose job
During the past 2.5 years I have been sober, my mentor along the way turned into my very best friend and now the love of my life...but I am married, and so is she...and I have absolutely no one i can talk to now about this.
I can't seem to make any friends - always left on my own and no-one to talk to
My friend totally screwed me over. We were doing a business deal and he lied about how much money we got from the deal. He screwed me!
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
Lost my job and unable to find the new on
Just lost my job. Don't know how to continue with my lifestyle.
I am very depressed and despondent because my boyfriend broke up with me and it was right before the wedding. I am close to his family but they won't speak to me know. I am lost without him.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I just feel like every one hates me and no one really wants to be my friend. It feels like when someone is nice to me they are just doing it as a favor and they don’t really like me or care about me
covid 19 issues
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
Not being able to see family and friends due to Covid.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
I have finals coming up soon and I also have a lot of other stuff going on in my life and I am very stressed.
I cannot deal with the death of a parent. This was some years ago but still badly affects me.
I am isolated due to covid and don't see the situation getting better any time soon.
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
I need a job but finding one that doesn't require weekends is almost impossible. There are no day cares in my area that watch kids on the weekend so that is another delima.
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
Me and my friend got into an argument and are not in speaking terms
I HAVE NOT worked in 4 years and i feel very ashamed
I have broken up with my partner of two years, she is amazing but I ended it as I thought my feelings had changed. I broke her heart but now I think I want her back but in afraid she might have moved on.
I am depressed as I feel I am not good enough or doing enough in life.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
when i met myb coworkers in job and they have not done has we had agreed , i get bored and irritated the whole day with negative mood due to the dissapointment they did not met the requirements we had set to attain by set date aside
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
My husband keeps putting me down and calling me names
My friends left me after fighting amongst themselves.
effects of the pandemic
I keep procrastinating cleaning, doing crafts, etc, stuff that I want to do and to get done, but that I seem to be unmotivated to do. It's frustrating.
I fear my depression is getting worse. This pandemic is taking a toll on me.
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
I just feel generally down.
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
I was in the store and there were two other women. They were whispering to each other and looking at me. I could hear a couple words and they were making fun of my hair and the way I dress. People just don't accept me. It's hard to feel so different.
no money and cant find work
lack of job has been a problem
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
My friend's dad passed away due to Coronavirus and I am sad.
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
I have just lost my job, and am experiencing depression, as a result of financial worry.
Loss of a job
I have finals coming up and I am really nervous and I don't feel prepared.
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
No money to celebrate christiamass
i feel like my life is in a rut
alcoholism
My husband abandoned me and my kids
Fear about losing a job
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
I am feeling very upset and sad that I had to break up with my girlfriend. I want some help with my sad meotions.
My best friend's son died in a car accident.
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
I can't stand him!!!
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
Losing Job
I want to move out of my state with my boyfriend and I think I would want to leave earlier than May. How do I tell him?
About to take a licensure exam for my field. I get 1 try a year to pass at a 90% rate. I deal with a lot of test anxiety and the current COVID-19 crisis has amplified my worries. How can I put myself at ease in the testing center and ace this exam?
I'm worried that my job is in jeopardy.
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
I'm sad that my job is not fulfilling and I feel like I am wasting my life.
My husband abandoned me and my kids
I have had a lady who has been a friend for one year now. We have been in good terms until recently when she no longer has time for me and she does not explain the reason for the same. I have scheduled several meetings but she turns down my request every time. I dont know what to do at such a time when i need her support the most.
My parents have this expectation of me to give back to them even though I'm not financially stable yet
I have no motivation to finish my work assignments
My depression is getting worse and worse due to this pandemic. I feel like things will turn for the worse in my life.
girlfriend broke my heart
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
my best friend became phys-co and torturing all his friends by blackmailing all photos with him.he started with me also i got so much fear and issues
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
My boyfriend broke up with me after being together for 5 years. He also cheated on me with my best friend.
my family neglected me
I just got my job and I heard they have to let people go because business is slow.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
i keep feeling as though i'm not doing well. i have a job but i don't seem to be very good at it and i don't want to lose it. i am fearful that i will
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
Quarantine keeps going on and on.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
I have a final exam coming up and I am really worried about how I will perform.
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
My friend is dating a man who is a drug addict and she doesn't understand why I won't hang out with the two of them.
I have anxiety to leave my families,
I lost my aun a couple weeks ago
I thought I was going to marry my girlfriend but then she ended up cheating on me. It broke my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust a girl again.
eviction
I am unable to work at my job anymore due to a poor supervisor who made my work much more difficult.
can't focus
I am depressed staying at home due to COVID.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
i'm in depression because recently i lost my job
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
One of my classes is extremely difficult and my professor is not responsive.
It is finals week and i have a lot to do. I have been having bad dreams about my grades and future.
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
I was working when one of my bosses continued to bully and speak down to me
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
I am having trouble getting over the loss of a friendship that was important to me. I was very close to someone who acted as though he was my best friend but secretly didn't care for me at all. Eventually he told me so, and every time I think about it it feels like a punch in the stomach, even years later.
I feel like I am not living up to my potential and I am a disappointment to my family.
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
Trying to complete my senior year
daily stresses
I have a friend that has admitted that she was using heroin. She got help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if she is really off the heroin. I will talk to her and it is like she gets sleepy and nods off. I have talked to her and she gets mad and denies and says I am not supporting her getting help and that this is why addicts go back to drugs because they are always accused.
effects of the pandemic
Not really succeeding in college
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
My grandfather's brother passed away a few days ago and I'm depressed because of it.
I fear that I might get fired in my job. My boss hates me. My co-workers harrass me at times.
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
I am in the middle of job hunting but it has been very difficult to find one during the pandemic. This really upsets me.
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
i was talking with another my partner have seen that incident
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
My husband and I are having a hard time communicating.
just down
My friend has started to get into political conversations on Facebook and I think he is embarrassing himself. He's spouting all these talking points without ever showing any interest in them before!
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
I broke up with partner , my friend sent me pic of her hubby etc
Being stuck at home all day with 3 kid and barely able to leave the house. I am feeling so overwhelmed and exhausted.
struggling with my demons
Every night I try to go to sleep and I am actually tired but once in bed I cannot stop thinking about tons of things and I cannot fell asleep.
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
My partners and I are not on the same terms. Need some emotional support.
My friend started posting on his wall that he believes that Democrats cheated on the election. I had known him for over 20 years and I don't know if I can trust him every again.
I keep failing my classes and cannot seem to catch up
Since covid I havent been doing as well in school. I'm very upset and ashamed at my self
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
I just feel generally down.
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
Pressures from my parent to be the top of the class
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
EVER SINCE THIS PANDEMIC HAS EMERGED IT JUST SEEMS LIKE THINGS HAVE BEEN GOING DOWN INSTEAD OF UP. PRIOR TO THE PANDEMIC, I HAD A JOB OF 10 YEARS, CHILDREN WERE GROWING INTO TEENAGERS, AND THE HUSBAND WAS OUT OF TOWN WORKING AS HE HAS DONE OUR ENTIRE 21 YEAR MARRIAGE. WELL SINCE THE PANDEMIC, I WAS IMMEDIATELY LET GO AT WORK. THE TEENAGERS WERE SCENTENCED TO DITIGITAL LEARNING AND MY HUSBAND DID EVERYTHING HE COULD POSSIBLY DO TO HOLD THE ONLY JOB AND INCOME THE WAS COMING INTO THE HOME. BUT EVENTUALLY JUST A MONTH AGO THAT WAS TAKEN OUT FROM UNDER US AS WELL. I DIDNT MIND NOT WORKING ALTHOUGH IT WAS AN ESCAPE FROM MY MOTHERLY DUTIES AND THE REALITY OF BEING A FULL TIME WIFE. BUT NOW THAT WE HAVE REACHED JUST OVER A YEAR OF THE PANDEMIC IT HAS BROKEN ME DOWN IN SO MANY WAYS IT FEELS LIKE. THE WHOLE YEAR WITH JUST THE HUSBAND WORKING WEVE STRUGGLED TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE AND PAY THE MONTHLY EXPENSES THAT COME WITH THE ADULT LIFE AND NOW IM A MESS
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
I feel I am failing in my graduate program. I feel that I am not good enough to earn my doctorate degree.
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
I have a friend that has admitted that she was using heroin. She got help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if she is really off the heroin. I will talk to her and it is like she gets sleepy and nods off. I have talked to her and she gets mad and denies and says I am not supporting her getting help and that this is why addicts go back to drugs because they are always accused.
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
Losing Job
I haven't been able to sleep well worried about so many things.
I am nervous and anxious about my status with my friends. I am not sure what I mean to them and if I am easily replaceable.
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
Working four departments at once
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
I am finding the second lockdown intensely difficult to deal with, even worse than the first.
the pandemic
My company fired 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I am going to be in the next round.
I recently lost my grandmother and today grief came out of nowhere for the first time in a few weeks. Feeling very down.
I just can't seem to unwind at night.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
i was furloughed
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
I am sad about not having family near me. I am in a town all alone.
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
During the past 2.5 years I have been sober, my mentor along the way turned into my very best friend and now the love of my life...but I am married, and so is she...and I have absolutely no one i can talk to now about this.
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
no specific event to describe
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
My aunt died a week ago who was 90. Was very close to her.
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
I think that i am gaining weight and hard as i try I can not keep it off and i am getting vry put down.
I broke up with my girlfriend and sad about it
finals are this week and i'm freaking out
Cause of the covid, I have problems with study and communication. I have problem in my University, also problems how to communicate with people after 1 year, of lockdown.
sleep problems with over depression have adverse effects cognitive and behavioral functions.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I have to give an important presentation for my academic career and I am stressed about public speaking and my ability to give a coherent presentation
My friend's husband is spreading false rumors about me because my daughter moved up in soccer and his didn't. He is saying I'm having an affair with the coach, who is married! I am NOT and my daughter happens to be a much better soccer player. I do like his wife but this is unforgiveable.
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused me to be depressed. I am sad because there is nowhere we can go. We have to stay home and that is getting depressing. My husband and I want to travel but we can't. We are retired and feel as though our lives are being destroyed.
I cannot paint at art school
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
My boyfriend broke up with me and he had control of all our expenses and now im broke and dont have a place to stay so I feel really depressed
I can't seem to make any friends - always left on my own and no-one to talk to
Boss keeps hitting on a co-worker, who really doesn't like the guy. What can I do to make it stop?
My partner broke up with me and I'm really upset about this we've been together for 4 years and all of a sudden they decided that they didn't want to continue the relationship
My biological sister has major issues is trying to turn my family against because of an argument we had 4 years ago
I have just broken up with my girlfriend
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
I recently argued with my family about my dating partner.
I have this certification program I took about two years ago that allowed me to be marketable out there and it's about to expire. I'm currently under pressure to retake the certification and I'm not quite ready. I will loose my license if I don't , time is running out and I currently feel lost in the predicament I have found myself.
I am living with a controlling mentally abusive husband
I am really good at self-isolating. I am in a new area and do not really have any friends nor really have the want from most people. Though I do feel lonely at times.
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
My dog died
I was already having a really bad day, from a run in I had with a very rude lady. Then I received a text from someone who I thought was my friend. She felt like I haven' t been there for her because I didn't pick up her call. I honestly didn't see her call and definitely would've got back to her, if I saw her call. She said mean and nasty things about me, which I don' t care about. But she did the wrong mistake of bringing my child into the equation, when he had nothing to do with it. I wanted to really beat the crap out of her because not only did she do that, she blocked my number and ran. Like I was beyond pissed.
i talk with my friendship
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
Friends that I used to trust and they broke up the trust.
I got a B+ in a class that I deserved an A- in and when I contacted the professor, he called me a liar. This really put me in a bad mood because I tried really hard in his class and he would not hear my case out.
I miss seeing my friends
Some former friends of mine have remained friends with a person who abused me and stood up for them in court.
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
Not being able to visit parents for Thanksgiving because of Covid.
My longtime partner revealed that they cheated on me during the pandemic and I've very very sad about it
I am depressed due to covid pandemic.
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
Trying to find a job
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
breakup with partner
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
This time is too hard for me fine a jobs which require me to search and get pay for unemployment.
I accidentally shared a nude photo that was intended for private viewing to a group chat with several friends.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I've just been feeling tired and sad lately especially with everything that's going on
I was let go from my job of 30 years.
My job terminated a lot of people recently and I am afraid that they will do that again and I may lose my job if that happens
I've had some degree of depression for a long time. Longer than this damn pandemic. I've always been a homebody but not leaving the house at all for almost three months was a lot. A lot has happened over the past year and I'm not sure how to handle it all. I feel alone even when there are people around.
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday. I had been with her for years and now living life without her feels heart breaking.
I have a great friend that has died of corona virus. I am shattered because I could not see her in her last moments or go to her funeral. All we had was facetime. She was only 35 with severe asthma. I am reeling. This happened two weeks ago and my sadness and depression is overwhelming. How can I get over this?
i am breaked with my lover
My industry shut down due to Covid-19 and I am currently seeking work but very financially behind and stresed about it.
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
there are me and my friend open some new company in my village. the company is run by one year than start the problem in partner ship. he is lie to me the account is not clear in every field so i will very anxiety with my partner
my kids wont listen to me
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
i c ant beleive how some of my friends voted
I am falling in love with a friend who doesn't return any feelings like this.
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
My company fired 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I am going to be in the next round.
lot of problems in my working climate.my supervisor is very strict and angry man. any problem create in lot of issues in work place.
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
academic pressures
finals are this week and i'm freaking out
covid
My best friend can be kind of a tool when he is drinking alcohol. I think that he forgets to chill out sometimes and says stuff that is upsetting and does not think it through when he is saying is. Recently this occurred when talking about politics. In general we have the same beliefs but he put it over the top.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
My longtime partner revealed that they cheated on me during the pandemic and I've very very sad about it
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
i have discontinued my studies due to financial problems. i feel like i am depressed lately.
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
I am having a very hard time finding a job due to covid.
We've been together for a long time and he decided to call it quits.
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
I just feel really depressed all the time, I feel like my life has no meaning
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
Lost my job in the lockdown
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
My company is making people redundant and I am stressed.
Lost my job in the lockdown
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
i was furloughed
CoVid has created a situation where I have to work from home all the time and I am unsure whether I will be employed next month
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
I became jobless. My boss and I had a disagreement and she terminated me.
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
suicide
My friend is dating a man who is a drug addict and she doesn't understand why I won't hang out with the two of them.
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
I just feel really depressed all the time, I feel like my life has no meaning
I will be losing my job in january. I am very fearful about finding a new one.
Not able to find suitable job
Trying to get my own small crafting business off the ground.
Me and a close friend of mine got in an arguement because she dated a guy that I had just broke up with and I dated a guy that she had just broke up with
I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not because we are fighting a lot
I just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
Ex girlfriend issues.
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
My boss reduced my pay so that he gets a bonus
My coworker is constantly telling me what to do like she is my boss. I told her about it and she still does it. I cannot make a move without criticism or a comment on how to do it her way. I how to do my job and it angers me when she expects me to do it her way.
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
Not sure if I should go back to school during covid. IT would be remote so physically there is no danger.
lost my job and will be living on the streets in 2 days
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
MY Son-in-Law is treating our daughter and Grandaughter indifferent, gaslighting and treats the dog better.
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
Since the pandemic started my once strong friendships have become weak. we barely talk. Even my daughters God mother is not as present. I am unsure how to fortified those connections.
My friend created a separate chat for planning hangouts and did not include me.
I have to pass my test to pass the course. I'm am crazy nervous and can't sleep.
trying to find a job with good hours
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
My husband abandoned me and my kids
I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
My friend's are Trump supporters. It hurts because it does not follow my values and morals.
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
My uncle passed away a couple of days ago and I have really been going through it because I have lost 5 other family members this year
My friends are always leaving me out of activities.
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
I have lost my job because of COVID19
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
I cannot paint at art school
I want to hangout with friends but I don't have the motivation
I have been very depressed due to lack of job and its affecting me mentally
Having been having panic attacks more often now that we are in quarantined
My company is making people redundant and I am stressed.
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
recently i lost my job
My close friend died because of Covid-19 last month, it bothers me a lot and i constantly feel depression.
My job shut down due to COVID and I've lost a lot of income.
I feel depressed about being lonely and sad.
Loss of a job
my team lead give me a assignment during holiday but i can't do that
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
I am depressed because my girlfriend is thinking about leaving me.
I feel anxious all the time about covid and trying to make money.
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
I'm sad a lot because I don't like the life I live.
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
I love my friends. But sometimes I feel as if I can't really be myself around them without being judged for doing something. I've known them for quite a long time now. I don't know if i am just being sensitive or what, but I feel like I'm the one that gets bullied in the friend group.
My husband abandoned me and my kids
My mental health (innatentive ADHD) cannot be properly medicated with the recommended medication because of an underlying heart condition. Causing a low mood.
I feel I am failing in my graduate program. I feel that I am not good enough to earn my doctorate degree.
Worried about my daughter abd her academic struggles. She has a genetic condition and some learning differences. Struggling to cope to work and do day to day things and give her as much support as she needs.
Husband left me for someone else.
I am living with a controlling mentally abusive husband
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
I want to break up with my partner who ive been married to for 6 years with a 5 year old child
Covid 20 is now in situation.This makes me fear.We couldnt predict our future.
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
I became jobless. My boss and I had a disagreement and she terminated me.
Trying to complete my senior year
Removed from my job - apparently only because of my age - no longer doing meaningful work.
I'm really nervous about my finals coming up. I want to do well!
Covid-19 has made me more depressed i miss being outside, traveling, hanging with my friends and be happy.
daily stresses
I broke up with a guy. I still talk to him. He might want me back-not sure. There is another guy who is interested in me now, However he's going through a divorce and keeps putting off seeing me.
Because of my classes going completely online, it's been incredibly hard for me to keep up in my classes. Because of this, my grades are falling dramatically and I'm afraid that I won't be able to continue in college if next semester is also like this. I've tried reaching out to my professors, but most of them have been unhelpful with my situation.
I miss my girlfriend so much and she left me for my best friend.
I am very depressed and despondent because my boyfriend broke up with me and it was right before the wedding. I am close to his family but they won't speak to me know. I am lost without him.
I feel depressed about being lonely and sad.
I think I've drifted apart from a friend I've known since college because of the pandemic. We rarely communicate and the last time we did she tells me about the things she has been doing with her NEW friends.
breakup with partner
Lost my job in the lockdown
I have so much homework that I can't keep up and I dont feel motivated in my classes because im so behind.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
eviction
I have so much homework that I can't keep up and I dont feel motivated in my classes because im so behind.
My friend is not treating me the way that a friend is supposed to be treating me
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
I found out my partner was cheating on me and I just feel betrayed and heartbroken.
I feel anxious all the time about covid and trying to make money.
My friend is not treating me the way that a friend is supposed to be treating me
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
This COVID pandemic has really gotten to me! I'm not ready to die, but I can't stand living like this anymore!
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
Constant pain from back problems.
I am retired, but really need to go back to work to earn some extra money. My problem is that it is very difficult physically for me to wear a mask for longer than a few moments. In this time of COVID, I have no choice in the matter. It is causing me anxiety because I need the income.
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I recently lost my job and I am worried that i will not able to pay my bills. This situation is making me anger.
I just feel really depressed all the time, I feel like my life has no meaning
My neighbors are all mad at me, because I was the cause of a mutual friend being evicted from our complex. Her dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week. I reported the incident to apartment management and Animal Control. She was told to get rid of her dog or move. She elected to move, but continued to say that she "got kicked out because of me". I guess friends liked her more, because now I'm the "bad guy".
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
Removed from my job - apparently only because of my age - no longer doing meaningful work.
I've been experiencing repeated romantic rejections from potential mates.
I lost my job and very distressed about it
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
Depression is currently taking a toll on my life. This pandemic is stressing me out.
I work a dead end job.
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
Trying to find a job
I'm failing my classes and I'm on scholarship
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
I haven't been able to sleep well worried about so many things.
I TALK WITH MY FRIENDSHIP
I did a very disgusting thing, I dated online without know, who is she, she tricked me with her naked pictures and I fell into her hand by sent 4000 dollar to her
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
I feel I am getting looked over for a promotion/raise at work and it is causing anxiety and fear that I don’t have longevity at my company and that I’m not being valued.
Nervous about a test in the future because I do not know if I am learning well enough because of lack of in-person teaching.
i was talking with another my partner have seen that incident
I just have no energy and feel helpless about current events.
My husband and I are having a hard time communicating.
My friends won't hang out with me
Fear of layoff from job
Feeling depressed and doesn't feel doing like anything.
I did not study and did poorly on a test.
constant fighting
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
My friend who's a year ahead of me in school is looking at jobs in an entirely different part of the country that I was looking at grad schools in, but she expects me to follow her there, which had previously been our plan.
My company is making people redundant and I am stressed.
My company fired 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I am going to be in the next round.
I am very anxious about loved ones with COVID right now and finances this close to the Holidays
breakup with partner
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
My dog died
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
My friends are going out to the bar without me tonight.
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
Husband of 9 years walked out on me and our children a few months ago. Working hard to try and make ends meat on my own.
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
I have finals coming up and I am afraid I an not smart enough to pass
Broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. Now I feel lonely.
We've been together for a long time and he decided to call it quits.
I am depressed about Covid and being restricted from going places.
lost job went to prison
My friend didn't like it that he dumped me. She told him he was an idiot to do that.
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
Lost my job in the lockdown
I'm feeling very lonely lately and I don't have many friends to turn to. This makes me sad because I've always had only a few friends but now they have families and kids and I feel more alone than ever.
girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me
I am in a crisis over my employer not having enough money to pay me. It is really causing me to be fearful.
My friend is using drugs
My girlfriend broke up with me recently. Really not feeling it right now, especially since I could've dedicated more time to her after exams but she got fed up. I guess I'm just alone for Christmas.
I lost my job 4 month ago and I am running out of money.
what ever i study, i am not able to remember the contents which is necessary for my academic tests
Christmas is coming up and I've been having a terrible time finding a job.
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
Near failing a class that will pretty much depend my future career
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
My partner broke up with me a few days ago
I have no job
My friend is using drugs
Ex girlfriend issues.
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
My supervisor recently resigned from my organization and I am worried that I cannot step up and fill her role. I want that role too!
just everyday life
I'm disgusted that the professors don't see me as a human with real emotions and feelings.
academic stress
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
I don't think my current job is right for me. I have been doing it for 7 years and it's all I know. I don't know what to do for the best.
I feel like my employees are working against me.
I've been experiencing repeated romantic rejections from potential mates.
My boss reduced my pay so that he gets a bonus
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
Me and my friend got into an argument and are not in speaking terms
I miss seeing my friends
I learned that my friend's husband was shot and killed over a drug deal. He was high at the time. My daughter carpools with his daughter every day and he was often the driver. Was he high when he was driving her around? I don't know how to act around my friend. Did she know?
I feel like my friends are trying to avoid me.
i'm very sad because my friend doesn't want to talk with me
I have a final exam coming up and I am really worried about how I will perform.
daily stresses
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
My father will not talk to me anymore because he is obsessed with Trump. So I call him out, and he now does not speak to or acknowledge me. We have been close until this happened, it struck me as bizarre.
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
My company just laid off 5%. I fear I will be next. Anxiety is at all time highs.
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
Friends do not want to hang out due to pandemic
I just feel really depressed all the time, I feel like my life has no meaning
COVID-19 made me lose my beautiful job which I admire a lot and I am searching for another one which is not fort coming. Please what can I do now?
I am unemployed right now and its hard for me to find a job where I can earn enough to support my family
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
I am extremely stressed with work and am very unhappy.
loss of job
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
I have been feeling kinda down lately since my pet died. I miss her so much.
Distance learning is difficult. I'm having trouble with school and my grades seem to be dropping.
My ex-boyfriend and I decided to split after 6 years and we are also deciding who will be moving from our shared apartment.
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
I have found out that my friends have been socialising behind my back without me. This makes me very sad.
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
Lay off from the job
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
I am very anxious about loved ones with COVID right now and finances this close to the Holidays
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
I lost my job Due to COVID-19 , I really work hard for the company for past five years but they just through out from the company.
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
I'm feeling very lonely lately and I don't have many friends to turn to. This makes me sad because I've always had only a few friends but now they have families and kids and I feel more alone than ever.
For the past couple years, I've been dealing with depression. I'm lonely, sad, scared and worried. I feel like there's no reason to live.
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
For a long time I have struggled with depression
I have a daughter who has decided to go live with her dad. I'm having a hard time with this. She is 16. And that's her decision. I'm fine with that part but I'm not fine with her not seeing me or spending time with me. 3 months age I grounded her and she's been upset with me ever since. She needed it though. She was getting out of hand. This is my baby girl. Her dad thinks everything is ok. like it is but I feel I have a right to see my daughter as well.
Constant pain from back problems.
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
One of my classes is extremely difficult and my professor is not responsive.
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
my girlfriend was break up with me i found out that she was cheating on me
My curly hair is so unruly
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
CoVid has created a situation where I have to work from home all the time and I am unsure whether I will be employed next month
Since the pandemic started my once strong friendships have become weak. we barely talk. Even my daughters God mother is not as present. I am unsure how to fortified those connections.
effects of the pandemic
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
My friend decided to leave her husband to pursue a woman and I don't support her.
i feel like my life is in a rut
Family disharmony, young niece having to witness a lot of verbal fighting.
I was in a complicated relationship with a girl I really loved. She told me she needed space and did not want to talk much then 3 days later she told me that we were done. This came out of nowhere and was shocking. It left me very sad and depressed.
I can't seem to make any friends - always left on my own and no-one to talk to
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
I miss seeing my friends in person and I havent heard from them in a while
About to take a licensure exam for my field. I get 1 try a year to pass at a 90% rate. I deal with a lot of test anxiety and the current COVID-19 crisis has amplified my worries. How can I put myself at ease in the testing center and ace this exam?
I have always been an honors student but with virtual school, I'm falling so far behind and I'm not sure when school will ever go back to normal.
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
realizing im almost done with current degree
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
I'm in depression because i lost my job
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
I think I've drifted apart from a friend I've known since college because of the pandemic. We rarely communicate and the last time we did she tells me about the things she has been doing with her NEW friends.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about finding a new one.
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
I can't stop eating at work
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
I can't stand him!!!
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for another one at this time.
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
I feel hopeless. Sometimes I just want to end my life. It isn't worth it.
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
my boss cut my pay to save his bonus this year
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
My manager has decided that everyone will continue to work from home nearly 100% of the time after the pandemic is under control. (Prior to the pandemic, most of us only had one work-from-home day a week.) I really love the work I do, but I've been experiencing depression this past year largely due to my lack of human contact throughout the work day.
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
recently i lost my job
i have depression because recently i lost my job
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
I'm in depression because my kids not listen to me.
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
I just feel generally down.
I’m feeling anxious about the pandemic and current economic conditions.
Don't feel qualified for job I am applying for.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
Time of the year when family is not around
It is the anniversary of my fiance's death. I am having extreme depression and saddness.
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
finals
My boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him.
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
Losing Job
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
Family disharmony, young niece having to witness a lot of verbal fighting.
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
I recently broke up with my partner. We have been dating for over 3 years. During this time with COVID and the election, I don't want to be alone. I feel lost.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
COVID-19 has changed the way we learn and the last year has been really difficult. I don't feel as connected in my classes and I plan to apply to grad school. I don't know how this will affect me as I begin to think about programs to apply to next year.
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
I'm worried that my job is in jeopardy.
freind is a drunk and nobody told her besides me now she is mad at me
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
School work piling up, lots of projects and pressure on time issues. Wanted to escape but can't.
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
my club is giving me a fuck headache, I cannot do without Arsenal but they are fucking up on a big time
i am breaked with my lover
Just can't shake my sadness
Going to lose my job in January, not sure what to do about that.
i have no friends
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
I feel like my friends don't care about me at all. When we get together all they want to do is talk about their lives. When I raise something that is bothering me they just make some trite response and then move back to what they want to talk about.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
pet died
I need a job but finding one that doesn't require weekends is almost impossible. There are no day cares in my area that watch kids on the weekend so that is another delima.
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
The feel of isolation during pandemic and being an immigrant without any family closeby.
Hope I will not die? My doctor told me not to smoke again, I tried to stop for the past five years that I have been coughing seriously but all the effort was aborted.
my dog died recently
I have a problem with a job. I can't find the job for a long time. When the covid started most of the jobs was closed. As I dont have any higher education, it's hard to find a real one with a good salary. But as all jobs, like waiters, adn so on still closed, it get me the depression.
I am working all the time and don’t have time for my family.
I am angry because I think my husband is controlling but he says I dont understand what controlling is
The holidays always make me sad.
My best friend can be kind of a tool when he is drinking alcohol. I think that he forgets to chill out sometimes and says stuff that is upsetting and does not think it through when he is saying is. Recently this occurred when talking about politics. In general we have the same beliefs but he put it over the top.
The pandemic is causing my company to close. I am now going to be searching for a job in a saturated market!
school keeps dragging on and it's getting very tough to continue
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
I'm in depression because i lost my job
Covid 19 and not being able to see my friends and family
I'm in depression because i lost my job
I am struggling with my law school exam prep. I'm not sure if I can make it through law school
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
I do not know how to move on, nothing makes me happy
I have been suffering from depression for many years due to emotional trauma
I'm so sad all the time.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
My parents have this expectation of me to give back to them even though I'm not financially stable yet
Anxiety about losing my job
Just failed a huge test in my class and may not graduate this semester
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
My best friend flirted with my wife and asked if she wants to have sex with her.
am sinking into depression
the current pandemic
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
Conflict with parents
My beautiful Daughter is married to a man that does not treat her well. Gas-lights her continiually. This has rubbed off on their 5 year old daughter.
My parents have this expectation of me to give back to them even though I'm not financially stable yet
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
I only have two weeks left to make major revisions to my scientific paper that was recently submitted to a journal. I am freaking out.
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
I can't find a job since I've been staying home with children for so many years. I'm starting to feel a shame because I am having trouble paying bills.
My boyfriend and I broke up and I cant stop crying. I am depressed about being alone.
i caught my boyfriend cheating with a friend
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
I'm angry at my mother, she never seems to understand me and always criticize everything I do whether good or bad.
I may lose a job
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
I was given reduced hours at work and there might be a chance I could get laid off because I just started and there is lack of work. However, my expenses are the same and income is reducing.
Feeling depressed and doesn't feel doing like anything.
Depressed due to a breakup
just always feel this way
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
I just feel generally down.
My friend is a good friend of mine but he is not a suitor as in I would not want to marry or date him but my fiance still gets bothered by me talking to him. I don't talk to him anymore but can't see why he still considers it microcheating even if I don't talk about our relationship.
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
Job safety is causing my sadness and stress. COVID-19 is making it worse.
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
My company is cutting salaries next year because of the pandemic, with potential for layoffs
I can't cope with Martins any more, he is a big liar
My dad and I do not talk anymore even though we used to be close.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
I am drinkin beers almost every day
Constant pain from back problems.
Some former friends of mine have remained friends with a person who abused me and stood up for them in court.
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
I get to hurting so bad in my lower back that it upsets me and then I take it out on the one's around me.
I experience sleepless nights so frequently since I lost my best friend due to Covid 19. I keep on having memories we had growing up together. When I think about this things I cannot sleep sometimes for an entire night.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
recently i lost my job
I thought I was going to marry my girlfriend but then she ended up cheating on me. It broke my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust a girl again.
Depressed due to a breakup
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
I am having lot of stress due to my upcoming exams.
With everything going on, my depression has taking a turn for the worst.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
I have a very stressful meeting tomorrow morning. I'm feeling nervous and anxious about it.
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
College finals are next week and I have been sic so I gave them been able to study like I wanted to.
I just got layed off.
Misunderstanding with friend
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
My kids are driving me crazy now that we are all having to work and school our kids from home. My husband and I both work from home now because of Corona. My 15 year old boy and 8 year old girl argue after they finish schooling and my husband and I are still working. It is starting to interrupt the quality of our work, Any suggestions? They are going crazy since the emergence of the Corona Virus.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
COVID-19 has completely ruined my family's travel plans. Instead of travelling to see them, we have to stay home.
Depression is currently taking a toll on my life. This pandemic is stressing me out.
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
I was pulled off of a project I had been on for 6 months. Last week I was transferred to a new team and all of the hard work I had put in for 6 months was given to another engineer to finish. The reason I was given was that my skills would be better used on this other team because they were behind on their project.
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
I am fighting with my parents because I am 17 and have just began my first relationship and my parents have grounded me after finding out that I am dating before the age of 18
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
I am in the middle of job hunting but it has been very difficult to find one during the pandemic. This really upsets me.
a friend is going in for quadruple bypass surgery
not communicative all of a sudden, not wanting to speak over phone too
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me and i do not know the reason
my boss cut my pay to save his bonus this year
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
Anxiety about losing my job
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
in this covid time , my job in trouble .I tested covid positive and unble to attended my office hours fro 2 months .My manager thought i joined another company but i was not yet all healthy to do any job .And i became pregnant in this covid time .I scaring how can i handle baby and job .I need much money but my manager not agree to give job
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
I am sad about finding out my boyfriend broke up with me because he saw where I came from .
My boyfriend broke up with me because he didn't want a relationship with someone who had kids.
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
My parents have this expectation of me to give back to them even though I'm not financially stable yet
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
Car accident led to traumatic brain injury and PTSD having nightmares 2x a week.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
My girlfriend broke up with me and now I have no motivation and I am depressed most of the time.
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
staying at home with kids and stopping outside work
suicide
i'm doing a bad job at my job and there are rumors i'll be fired soon. i am a newscaster at a small radio station. basically this job is too much for me. i feel tremendous pressure.
I recently split up with my boyfriend and I am regretting it.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
I am very scared about next college semester it is frightening
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
For a long time I have struggled with depression
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
My partner said he loved me and led me on. Then he went to cheat on me after one year of pretending he truly loved me. I am so sad and lonely and he is always with friends. It just isn't fair.
I am very depressed and despondent because my boyfriend broke up with me and it was right before the wedding. I am close to his family but they won't speak to me know. I am lost without him.
My boy friend left me for nothing, I tried to ask for explanation but i won't get any thing , make me depressed and felt alone.
breakup with my lover
police shootings of unarmed black people
I have a final in my class tomorrow, and if I don't get at least a B on the exam I might not pass the class.
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
My friend is a lier and a cheater. I know it.
I broke up with my partner because she was constantly neglecting me. She showed little interest in doing things together and I had enough of trying to please her. She ends up with a new guy just two weeks later.
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
I need to get straight A's to get into graduate school.
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
My job informed me that they will be reducing my hours and not extend my contract.
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
I TALK WITH MY FRIENDSHIP
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I am depressed as I feel I am not good enough or doing enough in life.
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
Haven't been able to find a companion for years, loneliness has driven me to depression.
This time is too hard for me fine a jobs which require me to search and get pay for unemployment.
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
My best friend is addicted to meth
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
Ongoing anxiety about small things but seem to be much bigger in my head.
Work at restaurant as assistant manager. Manager got fired and company asked me to take over position without a pay raise then skipped the promotion and hired a new manager.
I LOVE MY FRIEND BUT TODAY FIGHT
I'm worried about being perfect on my job.
My three years relationship ended last week , he betrayed me he had another affair , we discussed and break up . He misused my credit card he took my all money. he spreading fake news about me in social media.
I have a lot of homework and work, and thinking of the future is very stressful, I am not sure how to plan all my work and handle everything.
I got an email from my job that they will not extend my job and will have to leave.
covid depression
I lost my job and very distressed about it
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
Covid isolation has brought me down; i am used to socializing and traveling. i live alone, so my options are limited
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
suicide
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
I'm fearful of where I'll be living in the future.
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
There aren't any specific events currently happening to cause anxiety, it's more of an inability to turn off my brain. If there are issues in my life, I definitely overthink them and that causes a downward spiral into depression.
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
Not having enough friends nearby. My three nearby friends went away for holidays, so I have no one to spend time with over this weekend.
I am so scared of going out and finding a job due to Covid 19 but I need to work right now . my bills are piling up
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
Haven't been able to find a companion for years, loneliness has driven me to depression.
The holidays always make me sad.
Fear of layoff from my job
My job is based on demand and the current economic state makes less demand.
my boss does not care about my and there is no guidance complete ignorance due to the fact that I am a female in a male domain
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me and i do not know the reason
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
I am in a crisis over my employer not having enough money to pay me. It is really causing me to be fearful.
I am upset with my best friend over the results of the election. We generally agree not to discuss politics, but the controversy over Biden's win over Trump has us split. I am angry that she keeps bringing it up.
Catching up with academic deadlines
I am unemployed right now and its hard for me to find a job where I can earn enough to support my family
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
i have a sleep problem past one month.night time i can not sleep.some of fear i fell everyday night time
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
My best friend can be kind of a tool when he is drinking alcohol. I think that he forgets to chill out sometimes and says stuff that is upsetting and does not think it through when he is saying is. Recently this occurred when talking about politics. In general we have the same beliefs but he put it over the top.
Husband left me for someone else.
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
Not having enough friends nearby. My three nearby friends went away for holidays, so I have no one to spend time with over this weekend.
The feel of isolation during pandemic and being an immigrant without any family closeby.
It is finals week at my college and I am very anxious about it.
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
Having been having panic attacks more often now that we are in quarantined
Trying to complete my senior year
Conflict with parents
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
I'm about to lose my job because my company is not able to negotiate my existing contract and I'm unable to secure another job. I feel anxiety on what to do and next steps to take.
I will lose my job in January
I quit my full time job as an Administrative Assistant in August 2020 becuase my job did not following Covid-19 roles set up by the State in which I live in. I am struggling to find a job that is WFH since August.
I miss my friends.
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
academic pressure
My partner and I decided to part ways due to cheating and I have completely lost trust in any MEN out there now. I feel super helpless and need some advice and support.
My girlfriend has a rare condition that can be very expensive to just keep her healthy. Her grandparents are supporting us and the grandmother's husband is going through dementia and making everyone stressed and could possibly die leaving 3 houses to pay off.
My industry shut down due to Covid-19 and I am currently seeking work but very financially behind and stresed about it.
I met Ivy a couple of years ago at the park. It only took one glimpse to feel my heart sparked. We kicked off things slowly, its been two years now. She confessed her love to me and I did the same. I was planning to propose to her when i found out she is pregnant with another mans child. I am broken, my future is no more and I feel my life is meaningless
My boyfriend left me after I confronted him about cheating on me. He admitted to cheating and was happy I knew. Then he told me he had been trying to figure out how to leave me and I now made it easy for him.
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused me to be depressed. I am sad because there is nowhere we can go. We have to stay home and that is getting depressing. My husband and I want to travel but we can't. We are retired and feel as though our lives are being destroyed.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
They are always demotivate my economic status. It hurts me a lot
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
effects of the pandemic
I recently lost my job and I am worried that i will not able to pay my bills. This situation is making me anger.
My parents have this expectation of me to give back to them even though I'm not financially stable yet
i want to change my situation and improve but i am so depressed i don't have the energy to look for a job much less perform them adequately. on top of that my town has almost no jobs (2 thousand people in central Kansas)
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
My friend is a good friend of mine but he is not a suitor as in I would not want to marry or date him but my fiance still gets bothered by me talking to him. I don't talk to him anymore but can't see why he still considers it microcheating even if I don't talk about our relationship.
I am very scared about next college semester it is frightening
College finals are next week and I have been sic so I gave them been able to study like I wanted to.
We've been together for a long time and he decided to call it quits.
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
i left my job because i could not take it any more
I am scared that all of my academic accomplishments will amount to nothing
My girlfriend broke up with me recently. Really not feeling it right now, especially since I could've dedicated more time to her after exams but she got fed up. I guess I'm just alone for Christmas.
pandemic and family stress
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
EVER SINCE THIS PANDEMIC HAS EMERGED IT JUST SEEMS LIKE THINGS HAVE BEEN GOING DOWN INSTEAD OF UP. PRIOR TO THE PANDEMIC, I HAD A JOB OF 10 YEARS, CHILDREN WERE GROWING INTO TEENAGERS, AND THE HUSBAND WAS OUT OF TOWN WORKING AS HE HAS DONE OUR ENTIRE 21 YEAR MARRIAGE. WELL SINCE THE PANDEMIC, I WAS IMMEDIATELY LET GO AT WORK. THE TEENAGERS WERE SCENTENCED TO DITIGITAL LEARNING AND MY HUSBAND DID EVERYTHING HE COULD POSSIBLY DO TO HOLD THE ONLY JOB AND INCOME THE WAS COMING INTO THE HOME. BUT EVENTUALLY JUST A MONTH AGO THAT WAS TAKEN OUT FROM UNDER US AS WELL. I DIDNT MIND NOT WORKING ALTHOUGH IT WAS AN ESCAPE FROM MY MOTHERLY DUTIES AND THE REALITY OF BEING A FULL TIME WIFE. BUT NOW THAT WE HAVE REACHED JUST OVER A YEAR OF THE PANDEMIC IT HAS BROKEN ME DOWN IN SO MANY WAYS IT FEELS LIKE. THE WHOLE YEAR WITH JUST THE HUSBAND WORKING WEVE STRUGGLED TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE AND PAY THE MONTHLY EXPENSES THAT COME WITH THE ADULT LIFE AND NOW IM A MESS
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
Fear of layoff from job
Depression about pandemic
My dog died
Working as a teacher, I find it very hard to get students who don't care to engage with work. 90% of students are fine, but the other 10% are impossible as I have no support from management.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
My mental health (innatentive ADHD) cannot be properly medicated with the recommended medication because of an underlying heart condition. Causing a low mood.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
thinking about what classes are best to take in order to get a job
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
My boyfriend cheated in me and then broke up with me after I told him that I knew what he did.
We've been together for a long time and he decided to call it quits.
Constantly arguing with my best friend, we never see eye to eye on important things on my life.
academic stress
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
There is an event that happened about 5 years ago that I think started this emotion for me.It is ongoing and has affected all parts of my life.
I get to hurting so bad in my lower back that it upsets me and then I take it out on the one's around me.
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
Due to this pandemic, I've been feeling more depressed than ever. I am fearful for my job and my financials. Not a day goes by I don't think about my financial situation. If this pandemic keeps going on, my financial situation will worsen.
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
I recently broke up with my boyfriend and I'm having a hard time because it's almost the holidays.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I feel like my friends are trying to avoid me.
I work in the night. I have to sleep in the day. This is for throughout the year. I strive for sound sleeping. I become depressed of insufficient sleeping.
I am working all the time and don’t have time for my family.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
I am unemployed right now and its hard for me to find a job where I can earn enough to support my family
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
Going to lose my job in January, not sure what to do about that.
i shared somethng with my best ffirend and she betrayed me
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
My friend created a separate chat for planning hangouts and did not include me.
A few days ago I fell walking down some stairs and chipped my two front teeth and also broke my foot. I need to get surgery on my foot, and get my teeth fixed at the dentist with a couple crowns.
The holidays always make me sad.
Fear of layoff from my job
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
I miss my girlfriend, I feel I have no one in my life.
I fear that I will not have a job next year, at the beginning of the year. My emotions are in survival mode and I do not want to do anything or buy anything from this fear
I failed an exam last semester and have to stay in school for another year.
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
Time of the year when family is not around
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
I feel depressed. I hate the holidays. I don't want to pretend to be happy around my family for christmas.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
I have no job
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I can not seem to find a job no matter how hard I try. My last job was cut short because of all the pandemic restrictions. I'm so depressed.
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
I have been feeling lost and directionless and I feel like I'm a waste of time and space. I don't know what to do with my life and I hate myself.
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
I have always been an honors student but with virtual school, I'm falling so far behind and I'm not sure when school will ever go back to normal.
My job doesnt value me
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
my boyfriend of three years has been cheating on me.
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
Depressed due to a breakup
My manager has decided that everyone will continue to work from home nearly 100% of the time after the pandemic is under control. (Prior to the pandemic, most of us only had one work-from-home day a week.) I really love the work I do, but I've been experiencing depression this past year largely due to my lack of human contact throughout the work day.
I was laid off from my job
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
I am depressed and always angry. I lose my temper and say racist things to people, and am miserable to be around. I got mad at my father inlaw for talking badly about President Trump on Thanksgiving, and I called everyone "a bunch of nigger lovers" and stormed out of the house. Been angry ever since.
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused me to be depressed. I am sad because there is nowhere we can go. We have to stay home and that is getting depressing. My husband and I want to travel but we can't. We are retired and feel as though our lives are being destroyed.
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
lose job
I used to love my field of study, But soon after entering the university I started skipping the classes and failing. I lost my interest and there was nothing to motivate me.
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
Since the pandemic started my once strong friendships have become weak. we barely talk. Even my daughters God mother is not as present. I am unsure how to fortified those connections.
freind is a drunk and nobody told her besides me now she is mad at me
I am worried about a friend. Since lockdown they have not been in contact and whenever I try to get in touch with them they rarely respond.
I have been getting low grades lately and am scared I will be thrown out of my University.
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me and i do not know the reason
constant fighting
I just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
finals are this week and i'm freaking out
My school is extremely rigorous and I'm experiencing difficulty with anxiety
My partner is abusing me for not earning money..I feel like ending my life instead of all the abuses being faced in life.
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
The holidays always make me sad.
covid stress
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
related to the current pandemic
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
breakup with partner
I only have two weeks left to make major revisions to my scientific paper that was recently submitted to a journal. I am freaking out.
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
My ex-boyfriend broke up with me because I was too jealous and I didn't trust him
i have a sleep problem past one month.night time i can not sleep.some of fear i fell everyday night time
I am separated from my wife and in the middle of a PhD program and am using alcohol to numb the pain.
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
Every night I try to go to sleep and I am actually tired but once in bed I cannot stop thinking about tons of things and I cannot fell asleep.
My girlfriend of ten years run away on our wedding day
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
i feel as though i could do better academically. i kept telling myself - if i could only write better then i could get better grades.
Haven't been able to find a companion for years, loneliness has driven me to depression.
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
I fear that I will not have a job next year, at the beginning of the year. My emotions are in survival mode and I do not want to do anything or buy anything from this fear
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
trying to find a job with good hours
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
I have had a lady who has been a friend for one year now. We have been in good terms until recently when she no longer has time for me and she does not explain the reason for the same. I have scheduled several meetings but she turns down my request every time. I dont know what to do at such a time when i need her support the most.
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
I've been feeling low for the last few months, and have been finding it hard to sleep at night.
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
lack of job has been a problem
I HAVE NOT worked in 4 years and i feel very ashamed
I was scheduled to take my vacation after next week on Christmas week but due to some people quitting my boss suggested that I will have to work , I will not work because I already have plans but I am afraid that if I don’t work she will cut my hours when I come back
I broke up with my girlfriend since we didn't have chemistry and now I feel alone.
My friends just not having my back and just not pulling their weight when it comes to paying for stuff. For example, they expect me to pay for everything when we go out to dinner or even go to the bar. Any type of activity they will be
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
My supervisor recently resigned from my organization and I am worried that I cannot step up and fill her role. I want that role too!
just everyday life
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
I am having financial problems and i am worried i will not be able afford my kids christmas presents.
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
I'm in the depression because of todays market situation
Working as a teacher, I find it very hard to get students who don't care to engage with work. 90% of students are fine, but the other 10% are impossible as I have no support from management.
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
i was furloughed
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
I feel like I am not doing my job very well and that my co workers can tell that I suck at my job and are possibly conspiring against me.
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
Work at restaurant as assistant manager. Manager got fired and company asked me to take over position without a pay raise then skipped the promotion and hired a new manager.
I lost my job Due to COVID-19 , I really work hard for the company for past five years but they just through out from the company.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. I WANT TO ACHEIVE SOMETHING IN MY LIFE. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS AND ALSO I THINK ABOUT IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. SO THIS MAKES ME DEPRESSED PERSON AND EVEN I CAN'T TALK WITH MY FRIENDS WELL
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
covid no work
I'm really nervous about my finals coming up. I want to do well!
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
I feel anxious all the time about covid and trying to make money.
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
I have to give an important presentation for my academic career and I am stressed about public speaking and my ability to give a coherent presentation
I am very scared about next college semester it is frightening
I experience sleepless nights so frequently since I lost my best friend due to Covid 19. I keep on having memories we had growing up together. When I think about this things I cannot sleep sometimes for an entire night.
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
Time of the year when family is not around
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
bad experiences with others
My colleagues are always talking about me behind
Due to this pandemic, I am worry for my future. Especially my job stability.
It is finals week and i have a lot to do. I have been having bad dreams about my grades and future.
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
constant fighting
I have to give a presentation at work after completing a course and am fearful as I've had a bad experience in the past
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
I keep putting of my work because I'm afraid i'll fail at it. I just need to process the data, but I don't know why I keep putting it off. I feel angry at myself
Coronavirus restrictions are getting me down and I've suffered from low motivation and can't seem to get positive about anything any more.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
I will lose my job in January
My boyfriend left me for another person. I loved him so much, and I just can't seem to get over him
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
I can't stand him!!!
I have been recently laid out because of COVID-19 and not solved yet.
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
I was given reduced hours at work and there might be a chance I could get laid off because I just started and there is lack of work. However, my expenses are the same and income is reducing.
I battle depression and recently my regular meds just aren't helping. I am exhausted morning to night and have no interest or enjoyment in anything I do.
i cheated on her
I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
I am unemployed right now and its hard for me to find a job where I can earn enough to support my family
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
My boyfriend was disrespectful. he went ahead to cheat on me with the particular girl i warned him about seeing. he lied about it even after being caught and tried to emotionally blackmail me with it still.
I’m feeling anxious about the pandemic and current economic conditions.
My best friend flirted with my wife and asked if she wants to have sex with her.
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
I lost my job 8 months ago and I haven't been able to find anything. So as a result I have felt very depressed because my life has lost all sense of structure.
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
Fear of layoff from work
I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore
It is finals week at my college and I am very anxious about it.
breakup with lover
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
My beautiful Daughter is married to a man that does not treat her well. Gas-lights her continiually. This has rubbed off on their 5 year old daughter.
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
no specific event to describe
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
due to the corona virus we are all on reduced hours
I lost my job due to the fact my employer could not make a medical exemption for me. My wife works part-time now but I need to try to make money on the side so I can watch my daughter.
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
my husband cheated on me and i want to divirce him
Depression about pandemic
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
I cannot deal with the death of a parent. This was some years ago but still badly affects me.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
I just have no energy and feel helpless about current events.
I cheated on my boyfriend and I don't want to tell him. I feel really bad because he is a great person.
I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
I can't fall asleep as my mind races at night
My job is based on demand and the current economic state makes less demand.
My mom got in a serious accident and ever since, I have developed anxiety whenever I cannot be around my parents
i broke up with my partner and am feeling like i should even commit suiside, i was played a fool
related to the current pandemic
I fear my depression is getting worse. This pandemic is taking a toll on me.
My friend decided to leave her husband to pursue a woman and I don't support her.
I became jobless. My boss and I had a disagreement and she terminated me.
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
I am in a crisis over my employer not having enough money to pay me. It is really causing me to be fearful.
I get to hurting so bad in my lower back that it upsets me and then I take it out on the one's around me.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
I'm sad a lot because I don't like the life I live.
I lost my job and cant find another one
I am struggling with my law school exam prep. I'm not sure if I can make it through law school
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
i have a sleep problem past one month.night time i can not sleep.some of fear i fell everyday night time
daily stresses
Everyone breaks up with me. They all think I'm weird, and I always screw myself.
my husband cheated on me and i want to divirce him
My ongoing depression is getting worse due to this pandemic.
I've recently lost my job due to the covid situation and my funds are dwindling by the day while we've been out into another lockdown
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
COVID-19. has me needing people more.
My three years relationship ended last week , he betrayed me he had another affair , we discussed and break up . He misused my credit card he took my all money. he spreading fake news about me in social media.
I was given reduced hours at work and there might be a chance I could get laid off because I just started and there is lack of work. However, my expenses are the same and income is reducing.
Ongoing anxiety about small things but seem to be much bigger in my head.
This COVID pandemic has really gotten to me! I'm not ready to die, but I can't stand living like this anymore!
Its really sad that with todays COVID crisis we are no longer able to enjoy daily normal life. We are not able to mingle and meet our family and friends. We are stuck in our homes during this unprecedented time.
I feel disgusted by the way my teenage daughter dresses up. She wears very tight and revealing clothing. I have tried before to talk to her about modesty but she continues to dress that way.
I can not seem to find a job no matter how hard I try. My last job was cut short because of all the pandemic restrictions. I'm so depressed.
I feel like I won't ever get a proper job and move out of my parents' home.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
I'm angry at my mother, she never seems to understand me and always criticize everything I do whether good or bad.
Remote working is unfavorable
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
I just broke up with my boyfriend and I hinestly don't know what to do
I am just starting school & i feel like i not smart enough to graduate
My partner broke up with me and I'm really upset about this we've been together for 4 years and all of a sudden they decided that they didn't want to continue the relationship
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
I'm breaking up with my partner tomorrow and I'm so anxious.
i don't understand the course
I am really good at self-isolating. I am in a new area and do not really have any friends nor really have the want from most people. Though I do feel lonely at times.
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
overall daily stresses
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
people would make fun of me based on the color of my skin or anything that has to do with my color.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
I'm kind of just generally feeling seasonal depression as I don't feel happy,
I feel that my friends do not really like me much and do not want to meet me
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
I am self employed, and my job is at a halt due to covid 19. I am very anxious about when i will be able to return to work, and my current financial situation
I was raped by my first boyfriend when I was thirteen years old.
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
I have been out of work and my father passed now we have to move to a smaller house and I am my mothers care giver
I don't know if I should continue with school right now and I am having a hard time making the decision.
I have been self-isolating since March which has made my chronic depression worse than ever. I live alone and have not touched another human being in all that time.
covid stress
I just have no energy and feel helpless about current events.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
My boyfriend just told me that he wants to break up because he doesn't see a future because he never wants to get married but I do.
My depression is getting worse and worse due to this pandemic. I feel like things will turn for the worse in my life.
I used to love my field of study, But soon after entering the university I started skipping the classes and failing. I lost my interest and there was nothing to motivate me.
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
Lost my job in the lockdown
breakup with my lover
I have finals coming up and I am really nervous and I don't feel prepared.
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
Lost my job in the lockdown
my team lead give me a assignment during holiday but i can't do that
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
I can't fall asleep as my mind races at night
I am very depressed. I always have been. I don't know how to fix it. I've tried therapy and medicine but they don't seem to work.
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I can't find a job since I've been staying home with children for so many years. I'm starting to feel a shame because I am having trouble paying bills.
my fiance and I broke up last week
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
Depression is currently taking a toll on my life. This pandemic is stressing me out.
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
I am working all the time and don’t have time for my family.
I recently lost my job and I am worried that i will not able to pay my bills. This situation is making me anger.
I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
After a 2 years of relationship i broke up with my girlfriend. So she packed up her stuff and move away
I caught my spouse cheating and broke up with her. The problem now is that I do not know where or how to start a new relationship.
I am retired, but really need to go back to work to earn some extra money. My problem is that it is very difficult physically for me to wear a mask for longer than a few moments. In this time of COVID, I have no choice in the matter. It is causing me anxiety because I need the income.
How can I cope with losing my boyfriend to another woman?
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
My curly hair is so unruly
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
I am losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for work right now
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
My partner broke up with me a few days ago
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
cant get araise but rent went up
struggling with my demons
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
I recently lost my job and I am worried that i will not able to pay my bills. This situation is making me anger.
I just got layed off.
A co-worker continues to usurp my authority and interfere with my duties / responsibilities.
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
I have to repeat one of my classes over winter break, but I have plans with family. I will lose my scholarship if i dont pass
I am upset with my best friend over the results of the election. We generally agree not to discuss politics, but the controversy over Biden's win over Trump has us split. I am angry that she keeps bringing it up.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
Every day is a struggle, I wake up feeling hopeless, and I am having really bad anxiety attacks that I can't calm down from.
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
Catching up with academic deadlines
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
Have an essay due Monday and haven’t even finished the lessons. I feel like I shouldn’t be doing this degree
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
My ex-boyfriend and I decided to split after 6 years and we are also deciding who will be moving from our shared apartment.
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
I was used as a rebound for someone that I thought I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.
I am supposed to be getting married overseas but I cannot because of the border policy due to COVID
I have so much homework that I can't keep up and I dont feel motivated in my classes because im so behind.
My kids are driving me crazy now that we are all having to work and school our kids from home. My husband and I both work from home now because of Corona. My 15 year old boy and 8 year old girl argue after they finish schooling and my husband and I are still working. It is starting to interrupt the quality of our work, Any suggestions? They are going crazy since the emergence of the Corona Virus.
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
I have no motivation to finish my work assignments
Struggling to find work
Ex girlfriend issues.
My friends won't hang out with me
My President of the Board is not very good.
My boyfriend was disrespectful. he went ahead to cheat on me with the particular girl i warned him about seeing. he lied about it even after being caught and tried to emotionally blackmail me with it still.
Just failed a huge test in my class and may not graduate this semester
I just can't seem to get motivated to do anything, I feel like I have nothing to live for.
My best friend's son died in a car accident.
Nothing special just an ongoing thing i've been dealing with since my daughter was born.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
my kids wont listen to me
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
I have a final exam coming up and I am really worried about how I will perform.
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
I live with four friends/ housemates. I like them, but at the same time we are stuck together every day 24/7. Small things add up; I am getting increasingly annoyed by their behaviors and their inconsideration for others.
When Im around a group of people i get very scared and shy.
My best friend's son died in a car accident.
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
I've been feeling low for the last few months, and have been finding it hard to sleep at night.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
i want to change my situation and improve but i am so depressed i don't have the energy to look for a job much less perform them adequately. on top of that my town has almost no jobs (2 thousand people in central Kansas)
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
A few things happened in my office that on and off stressed me out, including an odd pay period and a hostile coworker.
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
COVID-19 has completely ruined my family's travel plans. Instead of travelling to see them, we have to stay home.
Loss of a job
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and another 10% has been furloughed.
I am afraid of failure, and it paralyses me to where I cannot study enough to score well on the tests.
They want me to work on a project with them. I agreed to it. Wondering how it will go.
Catching up with academic deadlines
Jobs are competitive
I am currently studying for an exam that I need to do for work.
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
I was in a course with a bad teacher and was not doing well. I felt like his grading was unfair and his teaching methods were unclear. When I tried to talk to him about the issues I was having I didn't feel like he did anything to help.
My set of friends with include 6 close women are falling apart because of not communicating often and not being physically close to one another. It is really weird how being apart from one another can really change strong relationships. I am still close with everyone but I can not say the same about everyone else. We have all known each other for 25 years and it makes me sad and anxious that when we come out corona it won't be the same. Specifically, two of my besties are arguing with each other over a piece of sensitive gossip that was shared outside our group. Someone feels betrayed and I want to help them both without taking sides.
My friend has passed away and I'm struggling to deal with the grief.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
I have lost my job, and my entire industry has been shut down due to Covid-19, and I am struggling to find work that is safe for me to do from home.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
A few things happened in my office that on and off stressed me out, including an odd pay period and a hostile coworker.
One of my best friends I lived with moved out and screwed us over with the lease and her rent the DAY BEFORE rent was due and then blocked us on everything so that we couldn't ask her to pay.
I broke up with my girlfriend.
My husband abandoned me and my kids
My friend totally screwed me over. We were doing a business deal and he lied about how much money we got from the deal. He screwed me!
breakup with my lover
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
I just feel generally down.
I can't figure out why my friends don't understand why I want to keep a bit distant during COVID
Family disharmony, young niece having to witness a lot of verbal fighting.
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
I recently broke-up with my boyfriend. We were together 5 years.
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
I have been feeling kinda down lately since my pet died. I miss her so much.
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
i'm very sad because my friend doesn't want to talk with me
High expectations at work and little time to complete them
Me and a close friend of mine got in an arguement because she dated a guy that I had just broke up with and I dated a guy that she had just broke up with
NO MOTIVATION
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
My friends just not having my back and just not pulling their weight when it comes to paying for stuff. For example, they expect me to pay for everything when we go out to dinner or even go to the bar. Any type of activity they will be
Ive gained some weight after having my kids. I havent been able to lose or go below 150. so nothing fits, or nothing looks good on me anymore. and i feel thats why my boyfriend doesnt compliment me ever or make me feel wanted at all.
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
i'm doing a bad job at my job and there are rumors i'll be fired soon. i am a newscaster at a small radio station. basically this job is too much for me. i feel tremendous pressure.
I have lost my job, and my entire industry has been shut down due to Covid-19, and I am struggling to find work that is safe for me to do from home.
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
Fear of layoff from job
suicide
I cannot paint at art school
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
My dog died
I am depressed because my girlfriend is thinking about leaving me.
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
I was used as a rebound for someone that I thought I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.
I can not hang out with my friends due to COVID-19. I miss them a lot but they are high risk.
need for good grades
My supervisor recently resigned from my organization and I am worried that I cannot step up and fill her role. I want that role too!
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
there will be layoff to me
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
i have an exam coming up and i have not studied and its too late to cover the course work
My wife of 6 years decided one day last week she wanted to end things. This comes after finding out we cannot have anymore children. So its a combination of the 2.
my boss cut my pay to save his bonus this year
I feel like I won't ever get a proper job and move out of my parents' home.
I will lose my job in January
My friends don't understand my choices to get married quickly and buy a house
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
Being stuck at home all day with 3 kid and barely able to leave the house. I am feeling so overwhelmed and exhausted.
My close friend died because of Covid-19 last month, it bothers me a lot and i constantly feel depression.
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
Self isolation due to the pandemic. Home with the kids alone every day.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
Long day of work. Came home early, ended up catching my partner having an affair with my roommate
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
My friend totally screwed me over. We were doing a business deal and he lied about how much money we got from the deal. He screwed me!
Not having enough friends nearby. My three nearby friends went away for holidays, so I have no one to spend time with over this weekend.
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
Had a fight with friend.
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
I keep trying to get started, but my kitchen mess seems so overwhelming.
I have lost my job because of COVID19
I'm about to lose my job because my company is not able to negotiate my existing contract and I'm unable to secure another job. I feel anxiety on what to do and next steps to take.
I was fired.
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
I have suffered from depression for twenty years and despair of every getting any better.
My boyfriend broke up with me and he had control of all our expenses and now im broke and dont have a place to stay so I feel really depressed
I broke up with partner , my friend sent me pic of her hubby etc
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I experience sleepless nights so frequently since I lost my best friend due to Covid 19. I keep on having memories we had growing up together. When I think about this things I cannot sleep sometimes for an entire night.
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
I have a lot of homework and work, and thinking of the future is very stressful, I am not sure how to plan all my work and handle everything.
covid stress
I don't know what to do anymore, everything in my life is going downward.
fighting with my husband all the time and not seeing eye to eye. felling unwanted and unloved
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and another 10% has been furloughed.
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
I failed a few of my midterms and now I'm very apprehensive about my finals.
I have to give up my parrot because I am now blind and have to move. I cant take teh parrot with me.
School has been putting a lot of pressure on me recently. Especially with finals going on.
I accidentally shared a nude photo that was intended for private viewing to a group chat with several friends.
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
I have to give an important presentation for my academic career and I am stressed about public speaking and my ability to give a coherent presentation
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
I had a situation which is actually forced me to break up with my partner. It gives me pain. However I strongly believed that my partner would feel about this. But he just took it easy. This hurts me a lot.
co workers seem to ignore me and don't say hello, i feel unwanted
Being stuck at home all day with 3 kid and barely able to leave the house. I am feeling so overwhelmed and exhausted.
My partner left me for another woman and I simply can't get over it
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
I was already having a really bad day, from a run in I had with a very rude lady. Then I received a text from someone who I thought was my friend. She felt like I haven' t been there for her because I didn't pick up her call. I honestly didn't see her call and definitely would've got back to her, if I saw her call. She said mean and nasty things about me, which I don' t care about. But she did the wrong mistake of bringing my child into the equation, when he had nothing to do with it. I wanted to really beat the crap out of her because not only did she do that, she blocked my number and ran. Like I was beyond pissed.
My girlfriend broke up with me recently. Really not feeling it right now, especially since I could've dedicated more time to her after exams but she got fed up. I guess I'm just alone for Christmas.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I can not seem to find a job no matter how hard I try. My last job was cut short because of all the pandemic restrictions. I'm so depressed.
The fact that my job does not take my health seriously
I need a job but finding one that doesn't require weekends is almost impossible. There are no day cares in my area that watch kids on the weekend so that is another delima.
I have to give a presentation at work after completing a course and am fearful as I've had a bad experience in the past
I work a dead end job.
I feel like I won't ever get a proper job and move out of my parents' home.
I suffered bullying at school. for the simple fact of being not very fat but if stuffed, they called me a cow, they made the expression of a cow, they threw my bag in the trash, I had no friends. It was hard and strong to be able to study there, after that they changed my school, everything was fine until those from the previous school found out where I was studying and the bullying started again. It has had an impact on my life, I believe that even my feelings are the same, I have not been able to forget it.
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
we recently broke up and now i am very sad.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
Fear about losing a job
Daily, normal activites of life are hard for me to be motivated to do or to complete them at all due to my depression. I feel ashamed that I am not like other people who can complete things like hygiene care without a struggle.
I have struggled with depression for a while but recently it seems to be getting worse, with no clear reason.
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
bad experiences with others
I suffered bullying at school. for the simple fact of being not very fat but if stuffed, they called me a cow, they made the expression of a cow, they threw my bag in the trash, I had no friends. It was hard and strong to be able to study there, after that they changed my school, everything was fine until those from the previous school found out where I was studying and the bullying started again. It has had an impact on my life, I believe that even my feelings are the same, I have not been able to forget it.
I think I've drifted apart from a friend I've known since college because of the pandemic. We rarely communicate and the last time we did she tells me about the things she has been doing with her NEW friends.
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
End of job contract
just down
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
I don't know what to do anymore, everything in my life is going downward.
I failed an exam last semester and have to stay in school for another year.
lot of problems in my working climate.my supervisor is very strict and angry man. any problem create in lot of issues in work place.
fight with the partner
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
I made a mistake at work by not calling a placement for a resident and now they are unable to leave in time and my boss is upset.
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
Not being able to visit parents for Thanksgiving because of Covid.
I am qualified for a promotion but my boss won't promote me
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
school keeps dragging on and it's getting very tough to continue
i have discontinued my studies due to financial problems. i feel like i am depressed lately.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
Covid isolation has brought me down; i am used to socializing and traveling. i live alone, so my options are limited
Hope I will not die? My doctor told me not to smoke again, I tried to stop for the past five years that I have been coughing seriously but all the effort was aborted.
My boss reduced my pay so that he gets a bonus
I recently found out that my best friend has lied to me about her whole life, and when I invited to my home she finally told me the truth after staying for a month ad we were fighting for the entire month she stayed.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
I am on short term disability and I am afraid I will lose my job if I don't go back soon.
I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I interviewed for.
I am battling with letting my past childhood trauma effect my relationship and the raising of my child.
academic stress
Just lost my job. Don't know how to continue with my lifestyle.
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
I have a friend that completely screwed me out of money on a business venture.
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
daily stresses
I have found out that my friends have been socialising behind my back without me. This makes me very sad.
I don't have enough money to buy my kids christmas gifts.
daily stresses
Just can't shake my sadness
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
Fear of layoff from work
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
I've been just really sad recently and I don't know how to bring my mood up
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
This COVID pandemic has really gotten to me! I'm not ready to die, but I can't stand living like this anymore!
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
I have a large test and don't feel prepared
Trying to adapt to teaching students online and feeling like I am failing them
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
i caught my boyfriend cheating with a friend
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
I am having financial problems and i am worried i will not be able afford my kids christmas presents.
My parents are always telling me I should be disciplining my children differently. Things are different than when they raised us.
She dumped me months ago, but I can't get over her. Other women just don't appeal to me.
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
Iam facing a lot of academic pressure to coplete the degree on time..
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about finding a new one.
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
My colleagues are always talking about me behind
New boss who is difficult
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
I fear that I will not have a job next year, at the beginning of the year. My emotions are in survival mode and I do not want to do anything or buy anything from this fear
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
My partner said he loved me and led me on. Then he went to cheat on me after one year of pretending he truly loved me. I am so sad and lonely and he is always with friends. It just isn't fair.
I'm feeling so depressed lately. The holidays are coming and I just want to stay in bed under the covers.
i cant do well in school and they mock me
I have been out of work and my father passed now we have to move to a smaller house and I am my mothers care giver
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
my husband cheated on me and i want to divirce him
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
I can't stop eating at work
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
I have to repeat one of my classes over winter break, but I have plans with family. I will lose my scholarship if i dont pass
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
I am depressed staying home due to COVID
I was in a relationship with the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen or been with. We have been dating for about 3 years and I was planning on spending the rest of my life with her. But I eventually lost her and everything all in a matter of months.
I have a final exam coming up and I am really worried about how I will perform.
I am afraid of receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I feel that worried about my finances as I am tapping into my savings to feel afloat.
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
Just failed a huge test in my class and may not graduate this semester
I will lose my job in January
I feel very bad to work on remotely. It sucks me and i cant anage the work life balance on this covid pandamic. It really hard to manage my time with my family and they expect more from us hence we are in work from home.
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not because we are fighting a lot
I'm breaking up with my partner tomorrow and I'm so anxious.
I can't stop eating at work
A few days ago I fell walking down some stairs and chipped my two front teeth and also broke my foot. I need to get surgery on my foot, and get my teeth fixed at the dentist with a couple crowns.
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I'm stressed about my final grades and ongoing pressure to do well academically. I don't know how to motivate myself, as I'm too afraid of the outcome.
COVID-19 has completely ruined my family's travel plans. Instead of travelling to see them, we have to stay home.
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
I got fired from my job during the pandemic, I don't know if I'll be able to find another job.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
Not having enough money to pay my bills.
I have been getting low grades lately and am scared I will be thrown out of my University.
I am finding the second lockdown intensely difficult to deal with, even worse than the first.
i'm very sad because my friend doesn't want to talk with me
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
COVID-19 made me lose my beautiful job which I admire a lot and I am searching for another one which is not fort coming. Please what can I do now?
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
Basically the loneliness of the season and being forced to seclude because of the virus.
I can not find a career i am stressing
I'm disgusted that the professors don't see me as a human with real emotions and feelings.
My boyfriend cheated on me a year ago but I just found out. It was with my best friend and I am so grossed out and mad.
I just found out that my job has to make cuts and layoffs, and I am worried about my job and my colleague's jobs.
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
Every day is a struggle, I wake up feeling hopeless, and I am having really bad anxiety attacks that I can't calm down from.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
Lay off from the job
I have been getting low grades lately and am scared I will be thrown out of my University.
can't focus
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
My best friend's son died in a car accident.
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
High expectations at work and little time to complete them
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
My friend is dating a man who is a drug addict and she doesn't understand why I won't hang out with the two of them.
lost my job and will be living on the streets in 2 days
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
My husband abandoned me and my kids
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
I just found out that my job has to make cuts and layoffs, and I am worried about my job and my colleague's jobs.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
I am working all the time and don’t have time for my family.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
police shootings of unarmed black people
One of my classes is extremely difficult and my professor is not responsive.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
people would make fun of me based on the color of my skin or anything that has to do with my color.
daily stresses
I lost friend as she does not reach out to me anymore and wonder why.
MY Son-in-Law is treating our daughter and Grandaughter indifferent, gaslighting and treats the dog better.
I lost friend as she does not reach out to me anymore and wonder why.
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
I fear that I will not have a job next year, at the beginning of the year. My emotions are in survival mode and I do not want to do anything or buy anything from this fear
I am depressed because my girlfriend is thinking about leaving me.
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
I was raped by my first boyfriend when I was thirteen years old.
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
I feel disgusted by the way my teenage daughter dresses up. She wears very tight and revealing clothing. I have tried before to talk to her about modesty but she continues to dress that way.
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
My job required me to work for 80-90 hours a week. Due to this, I could not spend any time on myself, my family and my friends.
lot of problems in my working climate.my supervisor is very strict and angry man. any problem create in lot of issues in work place.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
I had an argument with my parents over my girlfriend.
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
Christmas is coming up and I've been having a terrible time finding a job.
I have nobody in my life that supports me. No purpose to my life. My husband treats me like dirt. I am just so frustrated with being sad all the time but just when I think it is looking up, I get knocked down again.
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
Fights on my friends circle some conversation going to long and some bad talking to both of us.
I've dealt with a lot of stress lately, even before the covid 19 was even heard of. It's ongoing now. I have even more now.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
Covid 20 is now in situation.This makes me fear.We couldnt predict our future.
I just can't seem to unwind at night.
My job doesnt value me
My kids are driving me crazy now that we are all having to work and school our kids from home. My husband and I both work from home now because of Corona. My 15 year old boy and 8 year old girl argue after they finish schooling and my husband and I are still working. It is starting to interrupt the quality of our work, Any suggestions? They are going crazy since the emergence of the Corona Virus.
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
my fiance and I broke up last week
thinking about what classes are best to take in order to get a job
finals
My partner is abusing me for not earning money..I feel like ending my life instead of all the abuses being faced in life.
Fear of layoff from my job
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
Not able to find suitable job
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
I feel very bad to work on remotely. It sucks me and i cant anage the work life balance on this covid pandamic. It really hard to manage my time with my family and they expect more from us hence we are in work from home.
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
My ex-partner told me yesterday that after being engaged for almost a year, he no longer wants to marry me and he moved out.
I just feel like every one hates me and no one really wants to be my friend. It feels like when someone is nice to me they are just doing it as a favor and they don’t really like me or care about me
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
I only have two weeks left to make major revisions to my scientific paper that was recently submitted to a journal. I am freaking out.
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
turned in ex gf to cps for giving her kids drugs.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
School's going badly. I really wish I had chosen a different major.
I get to hurting so bad in my lower back that it upsets me and then I take it out on the one's around me.
My ex-boyfriend and I decided to split after 6 years and we are also deciding who will be moving from our shared apartment.
I feel like my friends are trying to avoid me.
My boy friend left me for nothing, I tried to ask for explanation but i won't get any thing , make me depressed and felt alone.
I recently had a baby and iam facing postpartum depression
I am extremely bored and under stimulated without being in school or working.
I am afraid of failure, and it paralyses me to where I cannot study enough to score well on the tests.
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
I can't cope with Martins any more, he is a big liar
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
I have recently been diagnosed with cancer. I am currently undergoing chemo. The whole situation has caused my anxiety and depression to be so much worse.
breakup with partner
Jobs are competitive
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
School's going badly. I really wish I had chosen a different major.
Trying to get my own small crafting business off the ground.
I have a friend that has admitted that she was using heroin. She got help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if she is really off the heroin. I will talk to her and it is like she gets sleepy and nods off. I have talked to her and she gets mad and denies and says I am not supporting her getting help and that this is why addicts go back to drugs because they are always accused.
I am suffering from health anxiety and staying home and aftiad of going out
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
End of job contract
Remote working is unfavorable
I am scared that all of my academic accomplishments will amount to nothing
i don't understand the course
My boyfriend just told me that he wants to break up because he doesn't see a future because he never wants to get married but I do.
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
My friend has passed away and I'm struggling to deal with the grief.
impending academic deadlines
My company fired 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I am going to be in the next round.
I have broken up with my partner of two years, she is amazing but I ended it as I thought my feelings had changed. I broke her heart but now I think I want her back but in afraid she might have moved on.
My boyfriend and I recently broke up due to our long-distance relationship and the impact COVID-19 has had on the travel industry.
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
My friends talk behind my back and always try to get me in trouble but don't show it.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
I love my friends. But sometimes I feel as if I can't really be myself around them without being judged for doing something. I've known them for quite a long time now. I don't know if i am just being sensitive or what, but I feel like I'm the one that gets bullied in the friend group.
Well we are at different places in our lives. My partner wants to leave to go to another state to be with her cousin. I want to stay around the family we have here already.
Trying to adapt to teaching students online and feeling like I am failing them
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
I lost my job and very distressed about it
ongoing depression every day . It s hard to even get out of bed
I feel like my employees are working against me.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
need for good grades
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
Trying to adapt to teaching students online and feeling like I am failing them
suicide
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
I am mad at my professor for giving me a 0 on a test.
Catching up with academic deadlines
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
This pandemic has me depressed everyday and the drugs are not helping, before something else happens to me or I do something stupid, help.....
pressure of applying for fellowship
I am mad at my professor for giving me a 0 on a test.
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
Not being able to do my daily routine is really getting to me. It's hard to get up every morning.
I'm about to lose my job because my company is not able to negotiate my existing contract and I'm unable to secure another job. I feel anxiety on what to do and next steps to take.
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
I recently split up with my boyfriend and I am regretting it.
loss of job
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
My dad and I do not talk anymore even though we used to be close.
Every day is a struggle, I wake up feeling hopeless, and I am having really bad anxiety attacks that I can't calm down from.
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
I am sad about finding out my boyfriend broke up with me because he saw where I came from .
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
I just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
I have broken up with my partner of two years, she is amazing but I ended it as I thought my feelings had changed. I broke her heart but now I think I want her back but in afraid she might have moved on.
I recently had a baby and iam facing postpartum depression
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
I am falling in love with a friend who doesn't return any feelings like this.
My husband and I are having a hard time communicating.
my kids wont listen to me
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
I don't know what to do anymore, everything in my life is going downward.
pandemic and family stress
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I let the best lady in the world get away from me.
I have a final in my class tomorrow, and if I don't get at least a B on the exam I might not pass the class.
Fear of layoff from work
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
I am isolated due to covid and don't see the situation getting better any time soon.
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
covid no work
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
I recently faced a breakup with my partner..
We've been together for a long time and he decided to call it quits.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
I'm breaking up with my partner tomorrow and I'm so anxious.
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
I lost my job 4 month ago and I am running out of money.
finals are this week and i'm freaking out
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
I'm sad a lot because I don't like the life I live.
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
I feel like I am never going to be good enough to make it on my own. I'm struggling with finding a job right now, paying for anything for myself, and taking care of my teenage son who's driving me nuts as he's doing school from home. I really feel like I'm in a pit that I'll never get out of.
Near failing a class that will pretty much depend my future career
My boyfriend broke up with me after being together for 5 years. He also cheated on me with my best friend.
Nervous about a test in the future because I do not know if I am learning well enough because of lack of in-person teaching.
I was let go from my job of 30 years.
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
I am getting a divorce. My ex is fighting a lot over child support and visitation.
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
alcoholism
During the past 2.5 years I have been sober, my mentor along the way turned into my very best friend and now the love of my life...but I am married, and so is she...and I have absolutely no one i can talk to now about this.
My parents have this expectation of me to give back to them even though I'm not financially stable yet
I went and spent so much money on xmas gifts and now I don't know how I can pay the credit cards off
I accidentally shared a nude photo that was intended for private viewing to a group chat with several friends.
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
I've been just really sad recently and I don't know how to bring my mood up
I have been feeling like my friends don't like me and it's making me feel bad.
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
I was raped by my first boyfriend when I was thirteen years old.
Working as a teacher, I find it very hard to get students who don't care to engage with work. 90% of students are fine, but the other 10% are impossible as I have no support from management.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
I miss my friends.
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
Raising grandson and he is being very difficult and not listening. I also have a lot of medical issues that limit my abilities. And my grandson's father is no help, he just drops him off and leaves, never asks if need anything or how I am doing.
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
I want to move out of my state with my boyfriend and I think I would want to leave earlier than May. How do I tell him?
trying to find a job with good hours
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
I can not hang out with my friends due to COVID-19. I miss them a lot but they are high risk.
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
My best friend's son died in a car accident.
I can't stand him!!!
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
I recently split up with my boyfriend and I am regretting it.
i'm very sad because my friend doesn't want to talk with me
I fear disappointing my parents.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
I don't think my current job is right for me. I have been doing it for 7 years and it's all I know. I don't know what to do for the best.
lose job
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
I can not seem to find a job no matter how hard I try. My last job was cut short because of all the pandemic restrictions. I'm so depressed.
facing a breakup with the partner..
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
I lost my job in January. Because of my health, I am afraid of taking a job outside home. So I am trying to make money on MTurk and YouTube.
I feel like my employees are working against me.
I found out that my boss has not been paying me accurately. I am so upset because I don't know what to do. I feel like I should quit.
NO MOTIVATION
I've suffered from depression since I was a kid but since the pandemic started it's harder to find the motivation to go on, to go about my day, to get out of bed, etc.
covid no work
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
Me and my girlfriend got into a fight over holiday break that I thought could be fixed but instead ended up in us breaking up
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
I broke up with my ex partner and found out they cheated on me
I fear my depression is getting worse. This pandemic is taking a toll on me.
I am depressed staying home due to COVID
Work at restaurant as assistant manager. Manager got fired and company asked me to take over position without a pay raise then skipped the promotion and hired a new manager.
Fear about losing a job
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
i was talking with another my partner have seen that incident
I can't stop eating at work
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
My job required me to work for 80-90 hours a week. Due to this, I could not spend any time on myself, my family and my friends.
My health is crazy and I may have to face a major surgery. I have a severe auto immune disorder and even though I've had it for 8 years you never get used to it.
I broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. I've been feeling lonely ever since.
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
I have lost my job, and my entire industry has been shut down due to Covid-19, and I am struggling to find work that is safe for me to do from home.
breaking up cause husband cheating
My friend started posting on his wall that he believes that Democrats cheated on the election. I had known him for over 20 years and I don't know if I can trust him every again.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
Fear of losing my job
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
I worried if I will be able to complete my degree.
I tested positive for Covid.
I applied with a lot of companies and never hear back. I need money for the holidays.
I just don't really feel enthused about anything right now. I feel like I can't make any future plans, and that I don't have anything to look forward to.
I have developed "cabin fever". not being able to go out and do something has put me in depression.
I am worried I do not play the politics game well enough for the growth I want.
Ive gained some weight after having my kids. I havent been able to lose or go below 150. so nothing fits, or nothing looks good on me anymore. and i feel thats why my boyfriend doesnt compliment me ever or make me feel wanted at all.
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
breakup with partner
I am working all the time and don’t have time for my family.
My best friend finally stopped showing up and stopped replying to my message.
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
I think I've drifted apart from a friend I've known since college because of the pandemic. We rarely communicate and the last time we did she tells me about the things she has been doing with her NEW friends.
i and this lady went on a date last week, we were both in love and so i asked her out on our first date.... she told me yes the next day slept over at her place and we had sex... after a week she started behaving strange.. by the time i called her so we could talk she said she doesn't love me anymore
My best friend finally stopped showing up and stopped replying to my message.
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
My manager does not respect COVID guidelines or protect my safety.
I am upset with my best friend over the results of the election. We generally agree not to discuss politics, but the controversy over Biden's win over Trump has us split. I am angry that she keeps bringing it up.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
my kids wont listen to me
staying at home with kids and stopping outside work
I am in a deep depression, have no friends or family to talk to. I also started drinking
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
in this covid time , my job in trouble .I tested covid positive and unble to attended my office hours fro 2 months .My manager thought i joined another company but i was not yet all healthy to do any job .And i became pregnant in this covid time .I scaring how can i handle baby and job .I need much money but my manager not agree to give job
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
Near failing a class that will pretty much depend my future career
My boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him.
Since COVID-19 I've been trying to help my parents by giving them advice. I tell them to avoid large crowds due to my dad being on Oxygen at night. He doesn't want to listen and goes places without caring. I'm very anxious about him getting sick.
I worried if I will be able to complete my degree.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
I was in a complicated relationship with a girl I really loved. She told me she needed space and did not want to talk much then 3 days later she told me that we were done. This came out of nowhere and was shocking. It left me very sad and depressed.
My dad died last year, a few days after Christmas.
I'm kind of just generally feeling seasonal depression as I don't feel happy,
I have lost my job because of COVID19
Fear about losing a job
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
My mom died almost 2 years ago. Due to anxiety, i have a long term boyfriend but no other friends so i was pretty close with my mom. i miss her desperately
I lost my job 8 months ago and I haven't been able to find anything. So as a result I have felt very depressed because my life has lost all sense of structure.
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
My ex-boyfriend broke up with me because I was too jealous and I didn't trust him
A coworker feels that I am discriminating against her because I give corrective feedback on procedures she is doing wrong. There have been numerous occasions of her wrongdoing.
I dont know what to do with out her.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
My project ends soon and I will need to find other employment. I am worried that doesn't to Covid I will not be able to find work.
Me and my best friend are drifting apart. She never seems to want to hang out anymore.
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
daily stresses
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
She dumped me months ago, but I can't get over her. Other women just don't appeal to me.
Near failing a class that will pretty much depend my future career
I have naturally suffer from clinical depression
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
My coworker is constantly telling me what to do like she is my boss. I told her about it and she still does it. I cannot make a move without criticism or a comment on how to do it her way. I how to do my job and it angers me when she expects me to do it her way.
Ever since the insurgent of Covid-19 ,I was hit hard when I was relieved from my full-time job for a non justifiable reason. I blame it to Covid because business was slow and it affected production. I was so frustrated and I didn't know what next to do as I had past due bills and family to take care of. I started applying for government benefits none was fast coming forth and requires a lot of processing time. I later got a part-time job that the pay was low and i could not put up with the bills .it was really tough. I almost went into depression but I did not give up home. Recently I got a full-time job but I have been scared and anxious because they keep laying off employees weekly. I wouldn't want to go through the terrible situation I had last time.
i don't understand the course
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
I dewl shameful for some of my actions in the past
For the past couple years, I've been dealing with depression. I'm lonely, sad, scared and worried. I feel like there's no reason to live.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
The partiality in my work place and the favorability to people who hardly work but always say "yes" to my manager's say.
I feel depressed. I hate the holidays. I don't want to pretend to be happy around my family for christmas.
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
Every night I try to go to sleep and I am actually tired but once in bed I cannot stop thinking about tons of things and I cannot fell asleep.
staying at home with kids and stopping outside work
My boyfriend cheated on me a year ago but I just found out. It was with my best friend and I am so grossed out and mad.
I don't know if I should continue with school right now and I am having a hard time making the decision.
I suffered bullying at school. for the simple fact of being not very fat but if stuffed, they called me a cow, they made the expression of a cow, they threw my bag in the trash, I had no friends. It was hard and strong to be able to study there, after that they changed my school, everything was fine until those from the previous school found out where I was studying and the bullying started again. It has had an impact on my life, I believe that even my feelings are the same, I have not been able to forget it.
friend has possible COVID and going to hospital today for tests
Removed from my job - apparently only because of my age - no longer doing meaningful work.
My family have lost confidence in me due to my alcoholism. I want to stop but don't know how. I have tried before but some things I go through make me go back. What can I do?
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
Losing Job
people would make fun of me based on the color of my skin or anything that has to do with my color.
academic pressure
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
lose job
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
I've recently lost my job due to the covid situation and my funds are dwindling by the day while we've been out into another lockdown
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
I got an email from my job that they will not extend my job and will have to leave.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
My company is cutting salaries next year because of the pandemic, with potential for layoffs
I was working when one of my bosses continued to bully and speak down to me
I was let go from my job of 30 years.
my club is giving me a fuck headache, I cannot do without Arsenal but they are fucking up on a big time
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
I feel like my friends are trying to avoid me.
gf broke heart
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
I am fighting with my parents because I am 17 and have just began my first relationship and my parents have grounded me after finding out that I am dating before the age of 18
I have been having issues with my children since the pandemic started. I feel overwhelmed with work, home, children, distance learning and no help and have been responding with anger.
Not being able to see family and friends due to Covid.
I haven't been able to sleep well worried about so many things.
Struggling to find work
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
After a 2 years of relationship i broke up with my girlfriend. So she packed up her stuff and move away
Bills are piling up and I can't seem to get a job. I have been applying everywhere.
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
I've been feeling low for the last few months, and have been finding it hard to sleep at night.
I work and work and work but I can't seem to get ahead. The volume at work has gotten so bad that I can't keep up. I'm getting injured and no one cares. I can barely pay my bills and it feels like there is no end in sight.
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
I'm feeling very lonely lately and I don't have many friends to turn to. This makes me sad because I've always had only a few friends but now they have families and kids and I feel more alone than ever.
Iam feeling depressed because of being a failure in proceeding with my carrer.
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
Depression is currently taking a toll on my life. This pandemic is stressing me out.
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
Moved to a new location and haven't met any new friends and now with Covid it is impossible.
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
pet died
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
I am depressed as I feel I am not good enough or doing enough in life.
My company fired 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I am going to be in the next round.
My neighbors are all mad at me, because I was the cause of a mutual friend being evicted from our complex. Her dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week. I reported the incident to apartment management and Animal Control. She was told to get rid of her dog or move. She elected to move, but continued to say that she "got kicked out because of me". I guess friends liked her more, because now I'm the "bad guy".
I have found out that my friends have been socialising behind my back without me. This makes me very sad.
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
I’m feeling anxious about upcoming exam.
I am so scared of going out and finding a job due to Covid 19 but I need to work right now . my bills are piling up
I love my parents but they want me to pursue business major while I am doing a psychology major to be Physician Assistant one day. They feel I am letting them down but in reality I want to be in the medicine field. I do not know what to do
End of job contract
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused me to be depressed. I am sad because there is nowhere we can go. We have to stay home and that is getting depressing. My husband and I want to travel but we can't. We are retired and feel as though our lives are being destroyed.
My wife of 6 years decided one day last week she wanted to end things. This comes after finding out we cannot have anymore children. So its a combination of the 2.
The feel of isolation during pandemic and being an immigrant without any family closeby.
I just got layed off.
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
I've dealt with a lot of stress lately, even before the covid 19 was even heard of. It's ongoing now. I have even more now.
breakup with partner
I miss seeing my friends
I was in a course with a bad teacher and was not doing well. I felt like his grading was unfair and his teaching methods were unclear. When I tried to talk to him about the issues I was having I didn't feel like he did anything to help.
I was used as a rebound for someone that I thought I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
Trying to find a job
I've always struggled with depression. I just feel hopeless.
My boyfriend and I recently broke up due to our long-distance relationship and the impact COVID-19 has had on the travel industry.
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
i lost my job and have no more savings.
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
Why do I always get the worst teachers? It makes school so hard in general.
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
I am just starting school & i feel like i not smart enough to graduate
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
cant get araise but rent went up
My dog died about a month ago and I've just been feeling very depressed. I can't move on yet.
i keep feeling as though i'm not doing well. i have a job but i don't seem to be very good at it and i don't want to lose it. i am fearful that i will
I am extremely bored and under stimulated without being in school or working.
My boyfriend broke up with me, but we live together and have roommates. Now he is turning the roommates against me.
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
My (ex)fiancé and I recently broke up, but we're still spending a great deal of time together, and we both say we're not sure if our relationship is 100% "done" and agreed to tell each other if we start dating other people. He said he doesn't want to see anyone else, but I came over one night to find him with a woman. It was their third date.
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
My account went into the negative this morning.
lose job
I am unable to work at my job anymore due to a poor supervisor who made my work much more difficult.
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
My company is cutting salaries next year because of the pandemic, with potential for layoffs
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not because we are fighting a lot
Going to lose my job in January, not sure what to do about that.
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
i have a sleep problem past one month.night time i can not sleep.some of fear i fell everyday night time
I just lost my job and am worried about paying the bills.
I'm worried I will never find love again and I'm not getting any younger
Jobs are competitive
I am upset with my best friend over the results of the election. We generally agree not to discuss politics, but the controversy over Biden's win over Trump has us split. I am angry that she keeps bringing it up.
I got a B+ in a class that I deserved an A- in and when I contacted the professor, he called me a liar. This really put me in a bad mood because I tried really hard in his class and he would not hear my case out.
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
Anxiety about losing my job
My best friend flirted with my wife and asked if she wants to have sex with her.
My best friend finally stopped showing up and stopped replying to my message.
I am very depressed and i dont know what to do
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
COVID-19. has me needing people more.
I used to love my field of study, But soon after entering the university I started skipping the classes and failing. I lost my interest and there was nothing to motivate me.
My boyfriend cheated on me a year ago but I just found out. It was with my best friend and I am so grossed out and mad.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
Parents pressuring me to do well in studies
masters degree
I broke up with my partner.
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
I just found out that my job has to make cuts and layoffs, and I am worried about my job and my colleague's jobs.
My boss recently left the company and I am not getting the information from her boss that I need. It is worrisome.
My business is suffering because of the pandemic. I'm very worried I won't be able to pay my bills soon.
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
My friends just not having my back and just not pulling their weight when it comes to paying for stuff. For example, they expect me to pay for everything when we go out to dinner or even go to the bar. Any type of activity they will be
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
just everyday life
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
COVID, job pressure, stress with partner, sharing custody of my son, recuperating from cancer treatment
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
I have nobody in my life that supports me. No purpose to my life. My husband treats me like dirt. I am just so frustrated with being sad all the time but just when I think it is looking up, I get knocked down again.
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
My partner left me after 7 years and broke up with me over text.
School has been putting a lot of pressure on me recently. Especially with finals going on.
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
My son has bipolar disorder and he is only 9. He has delusions and has lost his mind for a month now. He is in the hospital and I am terrified he won't get it back. He has delusions and I'm worried.
I feel depressed about being lonely and sad.
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
I am supposed to be getting married overseas but I cannot because of the border policy due to COVID
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
I have a friend who knew me since I was little, she is closer to my mother's age so she is kinda like my aunt growing up. She always treat me like I was little. I understand that she knew me since I was little. But I'm a grown woman now and I want our relationship to go far and grow more. I tried to explain it to her but she is not getting it. It's made me feel sad that we can't move our relationship further.
I was laid off from my job
I recently left my job because of a toxic environment but now I'm having trouble finding another and I'm running out of money.
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
i broke up with my partner and am feeling like i should even commit suiside, i was played a fool
girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
Going to the store gives me Panic Attacks, driving does as well.
finals are this week and i'm freaking out
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
I keep putting of my work because I'm afraid i'll fail at it. I just need to process the data, but I don't know why I keep putting it off. I feel angry at myself
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
i am very stressed at work so i have started to look for a new job but can't find anything
My ex-partner told me yesterday that after being engaged for almost a year, he no longer wants to marry me and he moved out.
Why do I always get the worst teachers? It makes school so hard in general.
My mind is consumed by depression
During the past 2.5 years I have been sober, my mentor along the way turned into my very best friend and now the love of my life...but I am married, and so is she...and I have absolutely no one i can talk to now about this.
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
There aren't any specific events currently happening to cause anxiety, it's more of an inability to turn off my brain. If there are issues in my life, I definitely overthink them and that causes a downward spiral into depression.
My wife of 6 years decided one day last week she wanted to end things. This comes after finding out we cannot have anymore children. So its a combination of the 2.
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
I'm frustrated with Covid, having family issues, and I'm the caregiver for my disabled sister. Plus the holidays have been cancelled and so I'm just pretty anxious and depressed.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
I have this certification program I took about two years ago that allowed me to be marketable out there and it's about to expire. I'm currently under pressure to retake the certification and I'm not quite ready. I will loose my license if I don't , time is running out and I currently feel lost in the predicament I have found myself.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
masters degree
I can not find a career i am stressing
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
My wife and I had a threeway with my ex, and they're kind of at each other's throats now. The ex lives on our block too, so it's slightly awkward in the neighborhood
I feel that my friends do not really like me much and do not want to meet me
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
Pretty down with the lack of securing a job and improving my finaces.
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
I'm in depression because my kids not listen to me.
I'm really nervous about my finals coming up. I want to do well!
I lost my job 8 months ago and I haven't been able to find anything. So as a result I have felt very depressed because my life has lost all sense of structure.
Covid 20 is now in situation.This makes me fear.We couldnt predict our future.
I haven't been able to sleep well worried about so many things.
i am breaked with my lover
I am severely stressed about my college course and my grades during the pandemic.
I recently split up with my boyfriend and I am regretting it.
My dog died
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
i keep feeling as though i'm not doing well. i have a job but i don't seem to be very good at it and i don't want to lose it. i am fearful that i will
My son has bipolar disorder and he is only 9. He has delusions and has lost his mind for a month now. He is in the hospital and I am terrified he won't get it back. He has delusions and I'm worried.
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
Not sure how to explain that I want out of marriage
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
just everyday life
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
I recently lost my grandmother and today grief came out of nowhere for the first time in a few weeks. Feeling very down.
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
i left my job, and moved across the country without another job lined up. it's been 3 months since i have worked. and this is compounded by a lot of feelings of loss and grieving as i left a job of 8 years.
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
i don't understand the course
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
Due to this pandemic, I've been feeling more depressed than ever. I am fearful for my job and my financials. Not a day goes by I don't think about my financial situation. If this pandemic keeps going on, my financial situation will worsen.
My friend is not treating me the way that a friend is supposed to be treating me
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
My friends talk behind my back and always try to get me in trouble but don't show it.
no money and cant find work
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
I just lost my job and am worried about paying the bills.
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
I need to get straight A's to get into graduate school.
my friend betrayed because she thought i wanted to snatch her boyfriend from her.
Friends that I used to trust and they broke up the trust.
I am depressed due to covid pandemic.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
My friends left me after fighting amongst themselves.
i don't understand the course
Feeling depressed and doesn't feel doing like anything.
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
I have just realized I will never be able to afford a real house for my family and feel horrible,
I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
what ever i study, i am not able to remember the contents which is necessary for my academic tests
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
covid
I lost my job Due to COVID-19 , I really work hard for the company for past five years but they just through out from the company.
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
My friend has started to get into political conversations on Facebook and I think he is embarrassing himself. He's spouting all these talking points without ever showing any interest in them before!
My best friend finally stopped showing up and stopped replying to my message.
My pet died last week and I also failed my exam
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
Anxiety about losing my job
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
Not sure how to explain that I want out of marriage
covid no work
I have a very stressful meeting tomorrow morning. I'm feeling nervous and anxious about it.
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
JUST LOST A FRIEND , A VERY CLOSE TIGHT FRIEND THAT WAS ALWAYS THERE FOR ME
I recently found out that my best friend has lied to me about her whole life, and when I invited to my home she finally told me the truth after staying for a month ad we were fighting for the entire month she stayed.
I feel like I am not doing my job very well and that my co workers can tell that I suck at my job and are possibly conspiring against me.
My parents are always telling me I should be disciplining my children differently. Things are different than when they raised us.
I am having lot of stress due to my upcoming exams.
My boss recently left the company and I am not getting the information from her boss that I need. It is worrisome.
Struggling to find work
I have a friend that has admitted that she was using heroin. She got help and is now on suboxone. However, I am not sure if she is really off the heroin. I will talk to her and it is like she gets sleepy and nods off. I have talked to her and she gets mad and denies and says I am not supporting her getting help and that this is why addicts go back to drugs because they are always accused.
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
I'm in depression because my kids not listen to me.
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
I've just been feeling tired and sad lately especially with everything that's going on
I have recently been let go from my job due to the pandemic, and I have been feeling sad lately.
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
I was scheduled to take my vacation after next week on Christmas week but due to some people quitting my boss suggested that I will have to work , I will not work because I already have plans but I am afraid that if I don’t work she will cut my hours when I come back
when i lost my job and i was at home for long time due to no job i felt very shame on me and eat lot and gained much weight so i felt so lonely and no job no body structure no boy friend .i am literally nothing
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
I'm in depression because my exam is near and i can't finish my studies
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
I've had some degree of depression for a long time. Longer than this damn pandemic. I've always been a homebody but not leaving the house at all for almost three months was a lot. A lot has happened over the past year and I'm not sure how to handle it all. I feel alone even when there are people around.
Not being able to see family and friends due to Covid.
Not being able to visit parents for Thanksgiving because of Covid.
My best friend's son died in a car accident.
Since the pandemic started my once strong friendships have become weak. we barely talk. Even my daughters God mother is not as present. I am unsure how to fortified those connections.
my age (66), uselessness,fear of death
CoVid has created a situation where I have to work from home all the time and I am unsure whether I will be employed next month
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and another 10% has been furloughed.
I'm bummed about my employer cutting my pay
I fear disappointing my parents.
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
I recently lost my job and I am worried that i will not able to pay my bills. This situation is making me anger.
I was let go from my job of 30 years.
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
I am worry about lost the job during this pandemic.
Have an essay due Monday and haven’t even finished the lessons. I feel like I shouldn’t be doing this degree
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I need a job but finding one that doesn't require weekends is almost impossible. There are no day cares in my area that watch kids on the weekend so that is another delima.
I had my heart set on a Veterinary Technology program at a particular school and I just found out that I won't be able to apply in time. I feel like I have to reassess my future plans.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
My dad and I do not talk anymore even though we used to be close.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I'm feeling so depressed lately. The holidays are coming and I just want to stay in bed under the covers.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I dewl shameful for some of my actions in the past
I am in a critical situation in need of money, urgently for my business. I was sure my friend will help me. To my surprise, he has refused, in spite of my help to him previously when he was in a similar situation.
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
My wife of 6 years decided one day last week she wanted to end things. This comes after finding out we cannot have anymore children. So its a combination of the 2.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about finding a new one.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
I recently broke-up with my boyfriend. We were together 5 years.
I was laid off from my job
My business is suffering because of the pandemic. I'm very worried I won't be able to pay my bills soon.
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
My longtime partner revealed that they cheated on me during the pandemic and I've very very sad about it
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
I keep procrastinating cleaning, doing crafts, etc, stuff that I want to do and to get done, but that I seem to be unmotivated to do. It's frustrating.
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
not communicative all of a sudden, not wanting to speak over phone too
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
My boyfriend cheated on me a year ago but I just found out. It was with my best friend and I am so grossed out and mad.
College finals are next week and I have been sic so I gave them been able to study like I wanted to.
I am depressed staying at home due to COVID.
My friend died in a car accident
I have always been an honors student but with virtual school, I'm falling so far behind and I'm not sure when school will ever go back to normal.
I lost my job and not sure how I will pay for rent.
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
The holiday season has me down
I feel like I won't ever get a proper job and move out of my parents' home.
I have finals coming up and I'm very nervous for them.
I am falling in love with a friend who doesn't return any feelings like this.
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
Hello. My baby of 11 years had passed away last week. This would be my pomeranian and I am devastated. I am fearful now of getting another puppy during Corona.
I was let go from my job of 30 years.
Fear about losing a job
Life in general has been hard for me and my husband has been really sick for weeks now.
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
School has been putting a lot of pressure on me recently. Especially with finals going on.
I am extremely bored and under stimulated without being in school or working.
I am in a deep depression, have no friends or family to talk to. I also started drinking
Quit job due to stress. Trying to find a good job that is remote and not soul numbing has been hard. I just want to be a stay at home person. I have anxiety about job search.
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
Friends that I used to trust and they broke up the trust.
my boss does not care about my and there is no guidance complete ignorance due to the fact that I am a female in a male domain
Iam feeling very sadness after breaking up with my girlfriend.
My wife and I had a threeway with my ex, and they're kind of at each other's throats now. The ex lives on our block too, so it's slightly awkward in the neighborhood
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused me to be depressed. I am sad because there is nowhere we can go. We have to stay home and that is getting depressing. My husband and I want to travel but we can't. We are retired and feel as though our lives are being destroyed.
I have lost my job, and my entire industry has been shut down due to Covid-19, and I am struggling to find work that is safe for me to do from home.
This COVID pandemic has really gotten to me! I'm not ready to die, but I can't stand living like this anymore!
My partner is abusing me for not earning money..I feel like ending my life instead of all the abuses being faced in life.
I don't like any of my friends. In fact, I don't think I like anyone.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
Anxiety about losing my job
I feel anxious all the time about covid and trying to make money.
My roommate says she wants me to move out.
My three years relationship ended last week , he betrayed me he had another affair , we discussed and break up . He misused my credit card he took my all money. he spreading fake news about me in social media.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
I broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. I've been feeling lonely ever since.
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
My girlfriend has a rare condition that can be very expensive to just keep her healthy. Her grandparents are supporting us and the grandmother's husband is going through dementia and making everyone stressed and could possibly die leaving 3 houses to pay off.
thinking about what classes are best to take in order to get a job
just down
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
i shared somethng with my best ffirend and she betrayed me
Current partner cheated on me in the past and I think he is doing it again.
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
I am in the process of applying to colleges and my parents are making a big deal of getting into the school of their choice. If I do not, it is up to me to find a way to pay for college.
I thought I was going to marry my girlfriend but then she ended up cheating on me. It broke my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust a girl again.
I'm breaking up with my partner tomorrow and I'm so anxious.
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
Conflict with parents
I have been struggling since I lost my job. I have been on the lookout for a new job, tried doing menial jobs just to get by, but nothing seems to be available.
I was laid off from my job
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
I am really good at self-isolating. I am in a new area and do not really have any friends nor really have the want from most people. Though I do feel lonely at times.
My father will not talk to me anymore because he is obsessed with Trump. So I call him out, and he now does not speak to or acknowledge me. We have been close until this happened, it struck me as bizarre.
My curly hair is so unruly
daily stresses
Struggling to find work
Every night I try to go to sleep and I am actually tired but once in bed I cannot stop thinking about tons of things and I cannot fell asleep.
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
I was fired.
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
I have 6 finals that are coming up soon, and i need to do well in order to have a good GPA for medical school
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
Being unemployed, working online and barely paying the bills. Between rent, food bills. I am barely getting by. Some weeks can't even afford food shopping. So I live off a big bag of rice and pasta and beans. Not even $200 a month is left after bills.
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
My fiance and I are splitting up after 5 years and I feel like I'm starting over again.
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
My boyfriend broke up with me, but we live together and have roommates. Now he is turning the roommates against me.
I am living with a controlling mentally abusive husband
I love my friends. But sometimes I feel as if I can't really be myself around them without being judged for doing something. I've known them for quite a long time now. I don't know if i am just being sensitive or what, but I feel like I'm the one that gets bullied in the friend group.
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me and i do not know the reason
I've been studying very hard for this class, but I have been performing very poorly. This is the first time I have done this bad and I just feel so incompetent. Nothing I do seems to work.
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
I'm in depression because i lost my job
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
Being stuck at home all day with 3 kid and barely able to leave the house. I am feeling so overwhelmed and exhausted.
trying to find a job with good hours
my kids wont listen to me
Ive gained some weight after having my kids. I havent been able to lose or go below 150. so nothing fits, or nothing looks good on me anymore. and i feel thats why my boyfriend doesnt compliment me ever or make me feel wanted at all.
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
Raising grandson and he is being very difficult and not listening. I also have a lot of medical issues that limit my abilities. And my grandson's father is no help, he just drops him off and leaves, never asks if need anything or how I am doing.
Husband left me for someone else.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
It is the anniversary of my fiance's death. I am having extreme depression and saddness.
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
My fiance and I are splitting up after 5 years and I feel like I'm starting over again.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
I am always in the mood of depression. I thought every thing going to be happen to me in wrong way
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
I was in a complicated relationship with a girl I really loved. She told me she needed space and did not want to talk much then 3 days later she told me that we were done. This came out of nowhere and was shocking. It left me very sad and depressed.
I am finding the second lockdown intensely difficult to deal with, even worse than the first.
I have dealt with depression around this time of the year since i was 17. I am now 37. My cousin got killed in a car accident on Dec 29th at the age of 14. Then 18 years later on Jan 3rd I lost my boyfriend in a car accident. I struggle around the holidays even worse now than I did before.
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
I lost my job 4 month ago and I am running out of money.
I lost my job Due to COVID-19 , I really work hard for the company for past five years but they just through out from the company.
I just got my job and I heard they have to let people go because business is slow.
Stress induced by a multitude of issues happening seemingly at once. This essentially started with a problem with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months.
Constantly arguing with my best friend, we never see eye to eye on important things on my life.
I have finals coming up soon and I also have a lot of other stuff going on in my life and I am very stressed.
I am extremely stressed with work and am very unhappy.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
thinking about what classes are best to take in order to get a job
Not being able to do my daily routine is really getting to me. It's hard to get up every morning.
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
Me and a close friend of mine got in an arguement because she dated a guy that I had just broke up with and I dated a guy that she had just broke up with
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
My job doesnt value me
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
Not sure if I should go back to school during covid. IT would be remote so physically there is no danger.
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
Worried about my daughter abd her academic struggles. She has a genetic condition and some learning differences. Struggling to cope to work and do day to day things and give her as much support as she needs.
Loss of a job
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
My company just laid off 5%. I fear I will be next. Anxiety is at all time highs.
Working four departments at once
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
I feel anxious all the time about covid and trying to make money.
I have recently been diagnosed with cancer. I am currently undergoing chemo. The whole situation has caused my anxiety and depression to be so much worse.
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
I am currently studying for an exam that I need to do for work.
I decided to separate from my husband after finding myself incredibly unhappy.
Haven't been able to find a companion for years, loneliness has driven me to depression.
My boss recently left the company and I am not getting the information from her boss that I need. It is worrisome.
Being unemployed, working online and barely paying the bills. Between rent, food bills. I am barely getting by. Some weeks can't even afford food shopping. So I live off a big bag of rice and pasta and beans. Not even $200 a month is left after bills.
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
I am feeling very upset and sad that I had to break up with my girlfriend. I want some help with my sad meotions.
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
I am mad at my professor for giving me a 0 on a test.
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
My girlfriend broke up with me and now I have no motivation and I am depressed most of the time.
My friends talk behind my back and always try to get me in trouble but don't show it.
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
I worried if I will be able to complete my degree.
My neighbors are all mad at me, because I was the cause of a mutual friend being evicted from our complex. Her dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week. I reported the incident to apartment management and Animal Control. She was told to get rid of her dog or move. She elected to move, but continued to say that she "got kicked out because of me". I guess friends liked her more, because now I'm the "bad guy".
My friends talk behind my back and always try to get me in trouble but don't show it.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
academic stress
i have depression because recently i lost my job
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
I am afraid of failure, and it paralyses me to where I cannot study enough to score well on the tests.
in this covid time , my job in trouble .I tested covid positive and unble to attended my office hours fro 2 months .My manager thought i joined another company but i was not yet all healthy to do any job .And i became pregnant in this covid time .I scaring how can i handle baby and job .I need much money but my manager not agree to give job
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
I have a large test and don't feel prepared
I'm stressed about my final grades and ongoing pressure to do well academically. I don't know how to motivate myself, as I'm too afraid of the outcome.
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
When I broke up with my boyfriend of 5.5 years, I felt extreme fear. Fear of the unknown and fear of what was to come. We shared so much of each other's lives, I didn't know how to go on without him.
My friends and family do not really pay attention to me unless they need me to solve a problem. I am lonely because unless they need something they aren’t there for me. They only seek me out when they are needy
Raising grandson and he is being very difficult and not listening. I also have a lot of medical issues that limit my abilities. And my grandson's father is no help, he just drops him off and leaves, never asks if need anything or how I am doing.
i left my job because i could not take it any more
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
I am 50 and returning to school because I am out of work. I am, having a very tough time.
Just failed a huge test in my class and may not graduate this semester
I am sad about not having family near me. I am in a town all alone.
I'm in depression because my exam is near and i can't finish my studies
My friend totally screwed me over. We were doing a business deal and he lied about how much money we got from the deal. He screwed me!
I have just broken up with my girlfriend
My friend created a separate chat for planning hangouts and did not include me.
My boyfriend recently broke up with me out of the blue. I am feeling very alone, sad and depressed.
My job shut down due to COVID and I've lost a lot of income.
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I interviewed for.
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
My coworker is constantly telling me what to do like she is my boss. I told her about it and she still does it. I cannot make a move without criticism or a comment on how to do it her way. I how to do my job and it angers me when she expects me to do it her way.
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
I am self employed, and my job is at a halt due to covid 19. I am very anxious about when i will be able to return to work, and my current financial situation
i keep feeling as though i'm not doing well. i have a job but i don't seem to be very good at it and i don't want to lose it. i am fearful that i will
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
some many people losing jobs due to covid
constant fighting
I have no job
a friend is going in for quadruple bypass surgery
Not being able to see family and friends due to Covid.
I feel depressed. I hate the holidays. I don't want to pretend to be happy around my family for christmas.
I can not seem to find a job no matter how hard I try. My last job was cut short because of all the pandemic restrictions. I'm so depressed.
I broke up with partner , my friend sent me pic of her hubby etc
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
My girlfriend of ten years run away on our wedding day
My friend died in a car accident
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
can't find a job/path in life
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
Lost my job in the lockdown
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
I have recently been diagnosed with cancer. I am currently undergoing chemo. The whole situation has caused my anxiety and depression to be so much worse.
the current pandemic
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
constant fighting
fight with the partner
I’m feeling anxious about the pandemic and current economic conditions.
Near failing a class that will pretty much depend my future career
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
My boyfriend left me for another person. I loved him so much, and I just can't seem to get over him
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
My mind is consumed by depression
CoVid has created a situation where I have to work from home all the time and I am unsure whether I will be employed next month
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
i was talking with another my partner have seen that incident
My ongoing depression is getting worse due to this pandemic.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
eviction
i talk with my friendship
I only have two weeks left to make major revisions to my scientific paper that was recently submitted to a journal. I am freaking out.
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
I am depressed staying at home due to COVID.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
Moved to a new location and haven't met any new friends and now with Covid it is impossible.
I suffer from chronic depression and stress due to a number of factors. Currently, life is very overwhelming with medical issues plaguing myself, my husband and our two children. I can't catch a break and I'm feeling overwhelmed.
After a 2 years of relationship i broke up with my girlfriend. So she packed up her stuff and move away
Pretty down with the lack of securing a job and improving my finaces.
It is not well to do better information for gather with my friends and they irritated me.
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
I lost friend as she does not reach out to me anymore and wonder why.
Pressures from my parent to be the top of the class
I can't find a job since I've been staying home with children for so many years. I'm starting to feel a shame because I am having trouble paying bills.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
thinking about what classes are best to take in order to get a job
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
Ex girlfriend issues.
I am drinkin beers almost every day
My friend is using drugs
lose job
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
Having been having panic attacks more often now that we are in quarantined
i just broke up with my girlfriend last week. I found her cheating
My partner left me for another woman and I simply can't get over it
My Board of Directors is going around me to my staff.
I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
I have a friend who is mad at me because I told her to pull up her mask while she was talking to me. She became very offended and actually started yelling at me as to how I am healthy and will live through Corona if I caught it. I reminded her about my family and other people but she is stubborn. She is just now starting to believe Corona is real.
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
My friend's dad passed away due to Coronavirus and I am sad.
I was going to marry my girlfriend but she broke up with me a prior to proposing for an unknown reason.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
I have a final exam coming up and I am really worried about how I will perform.
I've just been feeling tired and sad lately especially with everything that's going on
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
just always feel this way
I have finals coming up and I am afraid I an not smart enough to pass
crippling homework and procrastination i cant keep up in class
i couldnt sleep because my neighbors were partying and playing loud music
My ex-partner told me yesterday that after being engaged for almost a year, he no longer wants to marry me and he moved out.
I am worried about losing my job due to COVID
I have a lot of academic pressure from my program and I'm not receiving any help from my advisors.
I have a problem with a job. I can't find the job for a long time. When the covid started most of the jobs was closed. As I dont have any higher education, it's hard to find a real one with a good salary. But as all jobs, like waiters, adn so on still closed, it get me the depression.
a friend is going in for quadruple bypass surgery
My parents have this expectation of me to give back to them even though I'm not financially stable yet
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
I am very depressed. I always have been. I don't know how to fix it. I've tried therapy and medicine but they don't seem to work.
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
My ex-partner told me yesterday that after being engaged for almost a year, he no longer wants to marry me and he moved out.
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
I just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
I broke up with my girlfriend since we didn't have chemistry and now I feel alone.
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
I am just starting school & i feel like i not smart enough to graduate
My new supervisor hates me. She already hated me before she was my boss. In addition to being a terrible manager, she has made a personal goal to inhibit my ability to do my job. She has taken from me all parts of my job that I value. This upsets me personally and I am sad & angry that the rest of my team, who I care about, is no longer supported. We have no recourse to solve this problem.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
Having a lot going on in life and school and feeling very stressed.
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
I was in a course with a bad teacher and was not doing well. I felt like his grading was unfair and his teaching methods were unclear. When I tried to talk to him about the issues I was having I didn't feel like he did anything to help.
the pandemic
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
My set of friends with include 6 close women are falling apart because of not communicating often and not being physically close to one another. It is really weird how being apart from one another can really change strong relationships. I am still close with everyone but I can not say the same about everyone else. We have all known each other for 25 years and it makes me sad and anxious that when we come out corona it won't be the same. Specifically, two of my besties are arguing with each other over a piece of sensitive gossip that was shared outside our group. Someone feels betrayed and I want to help them both without taking sides.
My biological sister has major issues is trying to turn my family against because of an argument we had 4 years ago
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
Parents are pressuring me to become a doctor
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
I lost my job.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
I lost my job 8 months ago and I haven't been able to find anything. So as a result I have felt very depressed because my life has lost all sense of structure.
I am in the process of applying to colleges and my parents are making a big deal of getting into the school of their choice. If I do not, it is up to me to find a way to pay for college.
my husband cheated on me and i want to divirce him
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
Covid 19 stress with the added stress of the holduas
I recently made a mistake at work that I could get in trouble for, and I am nervous to approach my manager about my mistake.
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
My boyfriend broke up with me because he didn't want a relationship with someone who had kids.
I can't go on a day without having a glass of alcohol
I have been sad for a while now but lately due to not being able to find a job, i am feeling very low
I let the best lady in the world get away from me.
people would make fun of me based on the color of my skin or anything that has to do with my color.
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
I have been out of work and my father passed now we have to move to a smaller house and I am my mothers care giver
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
Ive gained some weight after having my kids. I havent been able to lose or go below 150. so nothing fits, or nothing looks good on me anymore. and i feel thats why my boyfriend doesnt compliment me ever or make me feel wanted at all.
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
I just got my job and I heard they have to let people go because business is slow.
I lost my job and cant find another one
getting new year present for my parent
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
I'm really nervous about my finals coming up. I want to do well!
My manager does not respect COVID guidelines or protect my safety.
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
I want to move out of my state with my boyfriend and I think I would want to leave earlier than May. How do I tell him?
COVID-19 made me lose my beautiful job which I admire a lot and I am searching for another one which is not fort coming. Please what can I do now?
My daughter was very sick. It kept my wife and I up at night because she wasn't sleeping well.
My boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him.
Due to COVID-19 I can not focus on studies and can't fine help
Broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. Now I feel lonely.
My friends are going out to the bar without me tonight.
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
I'm angry at my mother, she never seems to understand me and always criticize everything I do whether good or bad.
My friends suck at being friends. They use me, ignore me, and i'm only a benefit for them.
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
My friends don't understand my choices to get married quickly and buy a house
I have a friend who knew me since I was little, she is closer to my mother's age so she is kinda like my aunt growing up. She always treat me like I was little. I understand that she knew me since I was little. But I'm a grown woman now and I want our relationship to go far and grow more. I tried to explain it to her but she is not getting it. It's made me feel sad that we can't move our relationship further.
effects of the pandemic
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
During the past 2.5 years I have been sober, my mentor along the way turned into my very best friend and now the love of my life...but I am married, and so is she...and I have absolutely no one i can talk to now about this.
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
I have lost my job because of COVID19
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
My colleagues are always talking about me behind
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
My best friend is addicted to meth
Distance learning is difficult. I'm having trouble with school and my grades seem to be dropping.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. I WANT TO ACHEIVE SOMETHING IN MY LIFE. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS AND ALSO I THINK ABOUT IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. SO THIS MAKES ME DEPRESSED PERSON AND EVEN I CAN'T TALK WITH MY FRIENDS WELL
i and this lady went on a date last week, we were both in love and so i asked her out on our first date.... she told me yes the next day slept over at her place and we had sex... after a week she started behaving strange.. by the time i called her so we could talk she said she doesn't love me anymore
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
I fear my depression is getting worse. This pandemic is taking a toll on me.
I have been very depressed due to lack of job and its affecting me mentally
My friend has passed away and I'm struggling to deal with the grief.
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
My fiance and I are splitting up after 5 years and I feel like I'm starting over again.
My friends just not having my back and just not pulling their weight when it comes to paying for stuff. For example, they expect me to pay for everything when we go out to dinner or even go to the bar. Any type of activity they will be
Since covid I havent been doing as well in school. I'm very upset and ashamed at my self
I’m feeling anxious about upcoming exam.
realizing im almost done with current degree
Catching up with academic deadlines
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
i shared somethng with my best ffirend and she betrayed me
My friend has a girlfriend who is a real bitch. I can't stand how she treats me and others. I wish that my friend would dump her.
Due to this pandemic, I am worry for my future. Especially my job stability.
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
Self isolation due to the pandemic. Home with the kids alone every day.
My President of the Board is not very good.
I was scheduled to take my vacation after next week on Christmas week but due to some people quitting my boss suggested that I will have to work , I will not work because I already have plans but I am afraid that if I don’t work she will cut my hours when I come back
About to take a licensure exam for my field. I get 1 try a year to pass at a 90% rate. I deal with a lot of test anxiety and the current COVID-19 crisis has amplified my worries. How can I put myself at ease in the testing center and ace this exam?
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
My husband and I constantly argue about discipline of our kids.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
I want to hangout with friends but I don't have the motivation
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
I'm angry at my mother, she never seems to understand me and always criticize everything I do whether good or bad.
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
i caught my boyfriend cheating with a friend
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
breakup with partner
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
lack of job has been a problem
A friend keeps talking lies
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
I am so scared of going out and finding a job due to Covid 19 but I need to work right now . my bills are piling up
EVER SINCE THIS PANDEMIC HAS EMERGED IT JUST SEEMS LIKE THINGS HAVE BEEN GOING DOWN INSTEAD OF UP. PRIOR TO THE PANDEMIC, I HAD A JOB OF 10 YEARS, CHILDREN WERE GROWING INTO TEENAGERS, AND THE HUSBAND WAS OUT OF TOWN WORKING AS HE HAS DONE OUR ENTIRE 21 YEAR MARRIAGE. WELL SINCE THE PANDEMIC, I WAS IMMEDIATELY LET GO AT WORK. THE TEENAGERS WERE SCENTENCED TO DITIGITAL LEARNING AND MY HUSBAND DID EVERYTHING HE COULD POSSIBLY DO TO HOLD THE ONLY JOB AND INCOME THE WAS COMING INTO THE HOME. BUT EVENTUALLY JUST A MONTH AGO THAT WAS TAKEN OUT FROM UNDER US AS WELL. I DIDNT MIND NOT WORKING ALTHOUGH IT WAS AN ESCAPE FROM MY MOTHERLY DUTIES AND THE REALITY OF BEING A FULL TIME WIFE. BUT NOW THAT WE HAVE REACHED JUST OVER A YEAR OF THE PANDEMIC IT HAS BROKEN ME DOWN IN SO MANY WAYS IT FEELS LIKE. THE WHOLE YEAR WITH JUST THE HUSBAND WORKING WEVE STRUGGLED TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE AND PAY THE MONTHLY EXPENSES THAT COME WITH THE ADULT LIFE AND NOW IM A MESS
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
I have lost my job because of COVID19
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I seem to be failing my senior project by no fault of mine or very little fault of mine and proffessors do not want to hear about it.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
College finals are next week and I have been sic so I gave them been able to study like I wanted to.
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
My partner left me for another woman and I simply can't get over it
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
Hello. My baby of 11 years had passed away last week. This would be my pomeranian and I am devastated. I am fearful now of getting another puppy during Corona.
Nervous about a test in the future because I do not know if I am learning well enough because of lack of in-person teaching.
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
My job required me to work for 80-90 hours a week. Due to this, I could not spend any time on myself, my family and my friends.
The current economic downturn has me worried for the future.
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
academic pressure
Working as a teacher, I find it very hard to get students who don't care to engage with work. 90% of students are fine, but the other 10% are impossible as I have no support from management.
I feel that I will fail a class this semester and I just took my last exam last week.
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
freind is a drunk and nobody told her besides me now she is mad at me
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
I am drinkin beers almost every day
trying to find a job with good hours
breakup with my lover
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
My partner said he loved me and led me on. Then he went to cheat on me after one year of pretending he truly loved me. I am so sad and lonely and he is always with friends. It just isn't fair.
I want to break up with my partner who ive been married to for 6 years with a 5 year old child
The partiality in my work place and the favorability to people who hardly work but always say "yes" to my manager's say.
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
Hope I will not die? My doctor told me not to smoke again, I tried to stop for the past five years that I have been coughing seriously but all the effort was aborted.
My manager has decided that everyone will continue to work from home nearly 100% of the time after the pandemic is under control. (Prior to the pandemic, most of us only had one work-from-home day a week.) I really love the work I do, but I've been experiencing depression this past year largely due to my lack of human contact throughout the work day.
I don't have enough money to buy my kids christmas gifts.
Staying home with my children instead of going to work is making me anxious.
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
my kids wont listen to me
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
I recently found out that my best friend has lied to me about her whole life, and when I invited to my home she finally told me the truth after staying for a month ad we were fighting for the entire month she stayed.
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
Catching up with academic deadlines
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday. I had been with her for years and now living life without her feels heart breaking.
I have struggled with depression for a while but recently it seems to be getting worse, with no clear reason.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
a friend is going in for quadruple bypass surgery
Pretty down with the lack of securing a job and improving my finaces.
I have been very depressed due to lack of job and its affecting me mentally
My biological sister has major issues is trying to turn my family against because of an argument we had 4 years ago
Depressed due to a breakup
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
Broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. Now I feel lonely.
I always make my goals ealry and every so often before an breakthrough I make the best cut I can get. I want to make myself less suscepatable to self sabotage and intrusions.
my boyfriend left me out of the blue. he is not responding anything clearly. he is avoiding me now.
I have suffered from depression for twenty years and despair of every getting any better.
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
A few days ago I fell walking down some stairs and chipped my two front teeth and also broke my foot. I need to get surgery on my foot, and get my teeth fixed at the dentist with a couple crowns.
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
I don't have enough money to buy my kids christmas gifts.
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
Just lost my job. Don't know how to continue with my lifestyle.
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
I have a final in my class tomorrow, and if I don't get at least a B on the exam I might not pass the class.
I wanted to start having sex with other women from the Internet and my wife would not allow it.
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
This time is too hard for me fine a jobs which require me to search and get pay for unemployment.
I know we are in a pandemic. I have a family member who can't get approval for unemployment after he was laid off from his part-time restaurant job. He keeps getting denied and all the politicians do is fight back and forth.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
My friend's husband is spreading false rumors about me because my daughter moved up in soccer and his didn't. He is saying I'm having an affair with the coach, who is married! I am NOT and my daughter happens to be a much better soccer player. I do like his wife but this is unforgiveable.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
I am angry because I think my husband is controlling but he says I dont understand what controlling is
My girlfriend broke up with me because of race.
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
I have just realized I will never be able to afford a real house for my family and feel horrible,
I am feeling very upset and sad that I had to break up with my girlfriend. I want some help with my sad meotions.
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
My finance is working out of the country till 2022 and I am left here by myself until he gets home. I have no friends and no one to talk to.
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
breakup with partner
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
I'm sad a lot because I don't like the life I live.
I applied with a lot of companies and never hear back. I need money for the holidays.
I'm feeling so depressed lately. The holidays are coming and I just want to stay in bed under the covers.
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
I need a job but finding one that doesn't require weekends is almost impossible. There are no day cares in my area that watch kids on the weekend so that is another delima.
in this covid time , my job in trouble .I tested covid positive and unble to attended my office hours fro 2 months .My manager thought i joined another company but i was not yet all healthy to do any job .And i became pregnant in this covid time .I scaring how can i handle baby and job .I need much money but my manager not agree to give job
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
My roommate says she wants me to move out.
My now Ex boyfriend cheated on me with my friend and lied about it to my face. he constantly made me feel insane for even thinking about the possibility of what he did.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
I have struggled with depression for a while but recently it seems to be getting worse, with no clear reason.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
trying to find a job with good hours
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
My new supervisor hates me. She already hated me before she was my boss. In addition to being a terrible manager, she has made a personal goal to inhibit my ability to do my job. She has taken from me all parts of my job that I value. This upsets me personally and I am sad & angry that the rest of my team, who I care about, is no longer supported. We have no recourse to solve this problem.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
My mom got in a serious accident and ever since, I have developed anxiety whenever I cannot be around my parents
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
people would make fun of me based on the color of my skin or anything that has to do with my color.
I have to give an important presentation for my academic career and I am stressed about public speaking and my ability to give a coherent presentation
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
its hard for me to find a job
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
My partners and I are not on the same terms. Need some emotional support.
I lost my job 4 month ago and I am running out of money.
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
police shootings of unarmed black people
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
My boyfriend and I went on separate vacations with our friends, and he cheated on me while he was away.
i cant do well in school and they mock me
Since covid I havent been doing as well in school. I'm very upset and ashamed at my self
My Board of Directors is going around me to my staff.
friends trying to let me down
I keep failing my tests
My coworker is constantly telling me what to do like she is my boss. I told her about it and she still does it. I cannot make a move without criticism or a comment on how to do it her way. I how to do my job and it angers me when she expects me to do it her way.
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
facing a breakup with the partner..
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
cant get araise but rent went up
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
My grandfather's brother passed away a few days ago and I'm depressed because of it.
daily stresses
I have had a lady who has been a friend for one year now. We have been in good terms until recently when she no longer has time for me and she does not explain the reason for the same. I have scheduled several meetings but she turns down my request every time. I dont know what to do at such a time when i need her support the most.
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
effects of the pandemic
I lost my job in January. Because of my health, I am afraid of taking a job outside home. So I am trying to make money on MTurk and YouTube.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
My girlfriend and I broke up due to all the fights we were having. It was mutual but it was still sad. I felt as if my life had ended and everything was in black and white. I was sad for a year afterwards.
I just can't seem to get motivated to do anything, I feel like I have nothing to live for.
I was homeless. I had to leave a place I loved. It was mentally a bad state.
I am afraid of receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I feel that worried about my finances as I am tapping into my savings to feel afloat.
My friends won't hang out with me
My friend is using drugs
I have a very stressful meeting tomorrow morning. I'm feeling nervous and anxious about it.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
With everything going on, my depression has taking a turn for the worst.
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
always being asked to do things and help , and no one is here for me
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
I miss seeing my friends in person and I havent heard from them in a while
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
My girlfriend and I broke up due to all the fights we were having. It was mutual but it was still sad. I felt as if my life had ended and everything was in black and white. I was sad for a year afterwards.
CoVid has created a situation where I have to work from home all the time and I am unsure whether I will be employed next month
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
I have to give a presentation at work after completing a course and am fearful as I've had a bad experience in the past
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
Depressed due to a breakup
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
i'm doing a bad job at my job and there are rumors i'll be fired soon. i am a newscaster at a small radio station. basically this job is too much for me. i feel tremendous pressure.
I am just starting school & i feel like i not smart enough to graduate
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
pet died
I married a divorcee. She was not honest with me. I felt sympathy about her previous marriage. She was not honest about her real problems. She treated me horribly. I had to leave.
One of my classes is extremely difficult and my professor is not responsive.
My industry shut down due to Covid-19 and I am currently seeking work but very financially behind and stresed about it.
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about finding a new one.
I have 6 finals that are coming up soon, and i need to do well in order to have a good GPA for medical school
My youngest sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her two children.
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
i broke up with my partner and am feeling like i should even commit suiside, i was played a fool
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
Coronavirus is making me very panicked about leaving the house and I'm almost scared to do anything these days.
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
covid depression
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
My ex-boyfriend and I decided to split after 6 years and we are also deciding who will be moving from our shared apartment.
I made a mistake at work by not calling a placement for a resident and now they are unable to leave in time and my boss is upset.
I can not find a career i am stressing
I am depressed because my girlfriend is thinking about leaving me.
finals
My new supervisor hates me. She already hated me before she was my boss. In addition to being a terrible manager, she has made a personal goal to inhibit my ability to do my job. She has taken from me all parts of my job that I value. This upsets me personally and I am sad & angry that the rest of my team, who I care about, is no longer supported. We have no recourse to solve this problem.
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
I have recently been diagnosed with cancer. I am currently undergoing chemo. The whole situation has caused my anxiety and depression to be so much worse.
worried about losing my job
I fear that I might never be loved again. I feel so lonely.
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
pressure of applying for fellowship
I messed up, my girl friend got pregnant two months to my wedding with my fiancée wedding
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
My company just laid off 5%. I fear I will be next. Anxiety is at all time highs.
I think I've drifted apart from a friend I've known since college because of the pandemic. We rarely communicate and the last time we did she tells me about the things she has been doing with her NEW friends.
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
My finance is working out of the country till 2022 and I am left here by myself until he gets home. I have no friends and no one to talk to.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
I became a single mother last year and am battling with postpartum depression. I thought I would enjoy being a mother more. But I am unhappy.
My youngest sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her two children.
I am living with a controlling mentally abusive husband
I will lose my job in January
I think I've drifted apart from a friend I've known since college because of the pandemic. We rarely communicate and the last time we did she tells me about the things she has been doing with her NEW friends.
I miss my friends.
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
impending academic deadlines
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
I found out my partner was cheating on me and I just feel betrayed and heartbroken.
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
lost job went to prison
just down
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
no specific event to describe
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
Ex girlfriend issues.
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
The feel of isolation during pandemic and being an immigrant without any family closeby.
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
I found out that my boss has not been paying me accurately. I am so upset because I don't know what to do. I feel like I should quit.
i had to withdraw from a semester of college. covid has led to isolation and i was unmotivated. i am regretful.
I've been given some feedback in work that has really annoyed me and I think I should complain about it.
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
I lost my job Due to COVID-19 , I really work hard for the company for past five years but they just through out from the company.
my boss cut my pay to save his bonus this year
Covid-19 has made me more depressed i miss being outside, traveling, hanging with my friends and be happy.
I am alone and have no friends.
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
I have a very stressful meeting tomorrow morning. I'm feeling nervous and anxious about it.
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
effects of the pandemic
gf broke heart
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
My industry shut down due to Covid-19 and I am currently seeking work but very financially behind and stresed about it.
Raising grandson and he is being very difficult and not listening. I also have a lot of medical issues that limit my abilities. And my grandson's father is no help, he just drops him off and leaves, never asks if need anything or how I am doing.
I have finals coming up and I am really nervous and I don't feel prepared.
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
My beautiful Daughter is married to a man that does not treat her well. Gas-lights her continiually. This has rubbed off on their 5 year old daughter.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
I am getting a divorce. My ex is fighting a lot over child support and visitation.
I have been feeling lost and directionless and I feel like I'm a waste of time and space. I don't know what to do with my life and I hate myself.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
Well we are at different places in our lives. My partner wants to leave to go to another state to be with her cousin. I want to stay around the family we have here already.
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
My best friend is addicted to meth
I am in the process of applying to colleges and my parents are making a big deal of getting into the school of their choice. If I do not, it is up to me to find a way to pay for college.
I have a lot of academic pressure from my program and I'm not receiving any help from my advisors.
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
General daily stresses
My beautiful Daughter is married to a man that does not treat her well. Gas-lights her continiually. This has rubbed off on their 5 year old daughter.
Lost my job and unable to find the new on
Iam facing a lot of academic pressure to coplete the degree on time..
My daughter was very sick. It kept my wife and I up at night because she wasn't sleeping well.
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
My friends are always leaving me out of activities.
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
I have a friend who is mad at me because I told her to pull up her mask while she was talking to me. She became very offended and actually started yelling at me as to how I am healthy and will live through Corona if I caught it. I reminded her about my family and other people but she is stubborn. She is just now starting to believe Corona is real.
I did not study and did poorly on a test.
My friend has started to get into political conversations on Facebook and I think he is embarrassing himself. He's spouting all these talking points without ever showing any interest in them before!
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
My partner broke up with me and I'm really upset about this we've been together for 4 years and all of a sudden they decided that they didn't want to continue the relationship
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
Friends that I used to trust and they broke up the trust.
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
I have developed "cabin fever". not being able to go out and do something has put me in depression.
I am so scared of going out and finding a job due to Covid 19 but I need to work right now . my bills are piling up
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
Just lost my job. Don't know how to continue with my lifestyle.
I seem to be failing my senior project by no fault of mine or very little fault of mine and proffessors do not want to hear about it.
I am worried about a friend. Since lockdown they have not been in contact and whenever I try to get in touch with them they rarely respond.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
as a new mom , i wanted to spend much time with baby , i took break from work but my mind became too lazy to get back work so i lost job .still my brain not yet all agree for try new job because of baby .I need much money to take care of entire family of 6 .I shame on my self why i thinking like this
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
I've just been feeling tired and sad lately especially with everything that's going on
I've been really struggling lately with how much everything has changed during the pandemic. the holidays don't feel the same
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
friends trying to let me down
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
I broke up with a partner and I’m verbally upset and emotionally upset as well
My son had heart surgery this year and is in the midst of being diagnosed with CP. I work with a lot of people and am terrified I could catch COVID and it will kill him.
During the past 2.5 years I have been sober, my mentor along the way turned into my very best friend and now the love of my life...but I am married, and so is she...and I have absolutely no one i can talk to now about this.
Me and a close friend of mine got in an arguement because she dated a guy that I had just broke up with and I dated a guy that she had just broke up with
This time is too hard for me fine a jobs which require me to search and get pay for unemployment.
Working as a teacher, I find it very hard to get students who don't care to engage with work. 90% of students are fine, but the other 10% are impossible as I have no support from management.
Current partner cheated on me in the past and I think he is doing it again.
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
I found out that my boss has not been paying me accurately. I am so upset because I don't know what to do. I feel like I should quit.
finals
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
Lay off from the job
Fear of layoff from job
I fear that I might get fired in my job. My boss hates me. My co-workers harrass me at times.
I am depressed about Covid and being restricted from going places.
I quit my full time job as an Administrative Assistant in August 2020 becuase my job did not following Covid-19 roles set up by the State in which I live in. I am struggling to find a job that is WFH since August.
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
My boyfriend broke up with me in a facebook story. He won't tell me why. He won't return my calls or answer my messages. I think it is because I posted something (innocent) that made him jealous. But he is being so cruel. He posts many sad songs to make it seem like he is so hurt by me, but he won't even speak with me. I can't eat or sleep. I'm losing my mind.
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
my fiance and I broke up last week
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and another 10% has been furloughed.
bad experiences with others
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
I've been just really sad recently and I don't know how to bring my mood up
I miss my girlfriend, I feel I have no one in my life.
I recently broke up with my partner. We have been dating for over 3 years. During this time with COVID and the election, I don't want to be alone. I feel lost.
I wanted to start having sex with other women from the Internet and my wife would not allow it.
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
I am separated from my wife and in the middle of a PhD program and am using alcohol to numb the pain.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
I'm in depression because my exam is near and i can't finish my studies
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
I always feel like the way I look does not live up to the expectations of those close to me. This makes me very anxious when I go to meet with them.
recently i lost my job
i feel as though i could do better academically. i kept telling myself - if i could only write better then i could get better grades.
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
I am feeling extremely isolated due to the pandemic and miss my friends and family.
I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
I recently broke up with my partner. We have been dating for over 3 years. During this time with COVID and the election, I don't want to be alone. I feel lost.
My ex partner is harassing me and will not stop talking to my friends and family.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I am scared that all of my academic accomplishments will amount to nothing
Fear of layoff from work
Me and my best friend are drifting apart. She never seems to want to hang out anymore.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
My boyfriend left me for another person. I loved him so much, and I just can't seem to get over him
realizing im almost done with current degree
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
COVID-19. has me needing people more.
breakup with lover
The partiality in my work place and the favorability to people who hardly work but always say "yes" to my manager's say.
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
Job safety is causing my sadness and stress. COVID-19 is making it worse.
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
I've dealt with a lot of stress lately, even before the covid 19 was even heard of. It's ongoing now. I have even more now.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
I can't cope with Martins any more, he is a big liar
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
I don't like any of my friends. In fact, I don't think I like anyone.
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
Trying to complete my senior year
I have recently broke up with my girlfriend which has caused me great sadness
I need to leave my job as I do not make enough money, however I love my job and hate to leave.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I lost my job Due to COVID-19 , I really work hard for the company for past five years but they just through out from the company.
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
I recently faced a breakup with my partner..
Not having enough friends nearby. My three nearby friends went away for holidays, so I have no one to spend time with over this weekend.
I have a friend who is mad at me because I told her to pull up her mask while she was talking to me. She became very offended and actually started yelling at me as to how I am healthy and will live through Corona if I caught it. I reminded her about my family and other people but she is stubborn. She is just now starting to believe Corona is real.
I let the best lady in the world get away from me.
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
my kids wont listen to me
I had to quit my job back in February due to living with someone going through chemo. My town doesn't have many job options other than retail, so I have been trying to earn money for debts online.
My boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him.
I have been out of work and my father passed now we have to move to a smaller house and I am my mothers care giver
hello for like 6 months now am not able to sleep even when am at my bed am always awake
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
I am afraid of receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I feel that worried about my finances as I am tapping into my savings to feel afloat.
My roommates for next semester do not respect COVID safety or social distancing.
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
I can't stand him!!!
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
COVID-19. has me needing people more.
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
I can not hang out with my friends due to COVID-19. I miss them a lot but they are high risk.
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
My business is suffering because of the pandemic. I'm very worried I won't be able to pay my bills soon.
Long day of work. Came home early, ended up catching my partner having an affair with my roommate
girlfriend broke my heart
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
I see a text message from my ex-wife's phone that states "you look sexier now that you did this morning." I was the major sign that my marriage was in trouble and why would my wife cheat on me.
My partner broke up with me and I'm really upset about this we've been together for 4 years and all of a sudden they decided that they didn't want to continue the relationship
breakup with lover
My neighbors are all mad at me, because I was the cause of a mutual friend being evicted from our complex. Her dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week. I reported the incident to apartment management and Animal Control. She was told to get rid of her dog or move. She elected to move, but continued to say that she "got kicked out because of me". I guess friends liked her more, because now I'm the "bad guy".
Time of the year when family is not around
no specific event to describe
My wife and I had a threeway with my ex, and they're kind of at each other's throats now. The ex lives on our block too, so it's slightly awkward in the neighborhood
I am very stressed with my level of work at the moment and it's making me feel very depressed
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
I am sad about finding out my boyfriend broke up with me because he saw where I came from .
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
related to the current pandemic
High expectations at work and little time to complete them
I used to love my field of study, But soon after entering the university I started skipping the classes and failing. I lost my interest and there was nothing to motivate me.
My partner left me for another woman and I simply can't get over it
I have been feeling down and depressed every day for months, mainly due to self-esteem issues.
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
I feel anxious all the time about covid and trying to make money.
Depression about pandemic
I battle depression and recently my regular meds just aren't helping. I am exhausted morning to night and have no interest or enjoyment in anything I do.
I’m feeling anxious about upcoming exam.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
I lost my job 8 months ago and I haven't been able to find anything. So as a result I have felt very depressed because my life has lost all sense of structure.
How can I cope with losing my boyfriend to another woman?
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
I fear that I might never be loved again. I feel so lonely.
I am drinkin beers almost every day
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
Current partner cheated on me in the past and I think he is doing it again.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
I'm in depression because my exam is near and i can't finish my studies
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
some many people losing jobs due to covid
Losing Job
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
i have discontinued my studies due to financial problems. i feel like i am depressed lately.
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
Basically the loneliness of the season and being forced to seclude because of the virus.
My boyfriend was disrespectful. he went ahead to cheat on me with the particular girl i warned him about seeing. he lied about it even after being caught and tried to emotionally blackmail me with it still.
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
am sinking into depression
trying to find a job with good hours
My girlfriend and I broke up due to all the fights we were having. It was mutual but it was still sad. I felt as if my life had ended and everything was in black and white. I was sad for a year afterwards.
breakup with my lover
I am in a deep depression, have no friends or family to talk to. I also started drinking
i left my job because i could not take it any more
I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not because we are fighting a lot
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
Current partner cheated on me in the past and I think he is doing it again.
I can't stop eating at work
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
I have a co worker that keeps going behind my back and trying to get things done without me knowing it.
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
i want to change my situation and improve but i am so depressed i don't have the energy to look for a job much less perform them adequately. on top of that my town has almost no jobs (2 thousand people in central Kansas)
I want to move out of my state with my boyfriend and I think I would want to leave earlier than May. How do I tell him?
I broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. I've been feeling lonely ever since.
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
Anxiety about losing my job
My friend's are Trump supporters. It hurts because it does not follow my values and morals.
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
Lay off from the job
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
I feel very bad to work on remotely. It sucks me and i cant anage the work life balance on this covid pandamic. It really hard to manage my time with my family and they expect more from us hence we are in work from home.
My friends left me after fighting amongst themselves.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
Every day is a struggle, I wake up feeling hopeless, and I am having really bad anxiety attacks that I can't calm down from.
I thought I was going to marry my girlfriend but then she ended up cheating on me. It broke my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust a girl again.
My friends don't understand my choices to get married quickly and buy a house
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
i have depression because recently i lost my job
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
Recently divorced my husband of eight years after finding out he married another women overseas.
I realize my career won't pay much and I feel bad for choosing it
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
in this covid time , my job in trouble .I tested covid positive and unble to attended my office hours fro 2 months .My manager thought i joined another company but i was not yet all healthy to do any job .And i became pregnant in this covid time .I scaring how can i handle baby and job .I need much money but my manager not agree to give job
there will be layoff to me
I fear my depression is getting worse. This pandemic is taking a toll on me.
girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me
Friends keep calling my face ugly
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
The holiday season has me down
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
Nothing special just an ongoing thing i've been dealing with since my daughter was born.
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
My uncle passed away a couple of days ago and I have really been going through it because I have lost 5 other family members this year
I am really good at self-isolating. I am in a new area and do not really have any friends nor really have the want from most people. Though I do feel lonely at times.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I have been very depressed due to lack of job and its affecting me mentally
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
I have a daughter who has decided to go live with her dad. I'm having a hard time with this. She is 16. And that's her decision. I'm fine with that part but I'm not fine with her not seeing me or spending time with me. 3 months age I grounded her and she's been upset with me ever since. She needed it though. She was getting out of hand. This is my baby girl. Her dad thinks everything is ok. like it is but I feel I have a right to see my daughter as well.
I feel like I am not living up to my potential and I am a disappointment to my family.
I fear that I might never be loved again. I feel so lonely.
caught my girlfriend cheating on me with my neighbor its was so horrible scene for me all i could do was cry and drink because i love her so much, the pain was much that all i could think of was killing her and myself, Guess its isn't wrong if i kill the guy he cheated with too?
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
impending academic deadlines
My partner and I decided to part ways due to cheating and I have completely lost trust in any MEN out there now. I feel super helpless and need some advice and support.
the pandemic
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
My husband of 10 years cheated on me. After a relationship based on honesty and trust, I came home early and caught him with another man. He was more embarrassed than apologetic and quickly turned it on being all my fault. He's now moved out, and I'm feeling sad and alone.
Boss keeps hitting on a co-worker, who really doesn't like the guy. What can I do to make it stop?
I am angry because I think my husband is controlling but he says I dont understand what controlling is
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
I have a huge test coming up soon and I don't think I am ready for it.
Nothing special just an ongoing thing i've been dealing with since my daughter was born.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
I feel hopeless. Sometimes I just want to end my life. It isn't worth it.
My best friend has been very demanding, and I'm very upset.
i am breaked with my lover
A coworker feels that I am discriminating against her because I give corrective feedback on procedures she is doing wrong. There have been numerous occasions of her wrongdoing.
I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore
I miss my girlfriend, I feel I have no one in my life.
I am in the middle of job hunting but it has been very difficult to find one during the pandemic. This really upsets me.
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
Anxiety about losing my job
I'm worried about being perfect on my job.
I have lost my job because of COVID19
My husband and I constantly argue about discipline of our kids.
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
Covid isolation has brought me down; i am used to socializing and traveling. i live alone, so my options are limited
My job informed me that they will be reducing my hours and not extend my contract.
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
My younger sister passed away unexpectedly a few months ago in an apartment fire and I am having trouble dealing with this.
My friend is a good friend of mine but he is not a suitor as in I would not want to marry or date him but my fiance still gets bothered by me talking to him. I don't talk to him anymore but can't see why he still considers it microcheating even if I don't talk about our relationship.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
Not able to find suitable job
I did not study and did poorly on a test.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
My close friend committed a mistake. I truly informed her and argued to rectify the mistake. But she opposed and tried to avoid me and she scolded me more. Moreover she told all our friends that I am doing jealously and it was irritating her. This event make me very depressed.
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
I have a final exam coming up and I am really worried about how I will perform.
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
My cousin is overly sensitive in weird, unpredictable ways.
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
Not able to find suitable job
I am losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for work right now
I am 50 and returning to school because I am out of work. I am, having a very tough time.
I'm about to lose my job because my company is not able to negotiate my existing contract and I'm unable to secure another job. I feel anxiety on what to do and next steps to take.
My account went into the negative this morning.
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
I keep putting of my work because I'm afraid i'll fail at it. I just need to process the data, but I don't know why I keep putting it off. I feel angry at myself
Parents are pressuring me to become a doctor
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
I lost my job due to the fact my employer could not make a medical exemption for me. My wife works part-time now but I need to try to make money on the side so I can watch my daughter.
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
I lost my job.
My husband quit his job to stay home with our teenage son who is very difficult and has been in legal trouble. My husband feels like it is important for him to be home more but this is putting a financial strain on us and our son is causing a lot of emotion conflict.
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
New boss who is difficult
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
Trying to find a job
loss of job
I am feeling quite nervous, apprehensive and worried about the current pandemic. I fear that I, or my loved ones, can catch it and become very ill. Also, I feel a bit isolated, which has caused me to have a bit more negative feelings of sadness.
Had an issue with my wife concerning my drinking habits where she complained that I had of late been drinking soo much. There was a confrontation that almost led to a breakup and now we are not talking. The situation is serious
I have a friend who knew me since I was little, she is closer to my mother's age so she is kinda like my aunt growing up. She always treat me like I was little. I understand that she knew me since I was little. But I'm a grown woman now and I want our relationship to go far and grow more. I tried to explain it to her but she is not getting it. It's made me feel sad that we can't move our relationship further.
Ever since the insurgent of Covid-19 ,I was hit hard when I was relieved from my full-time job for a non justifiable reason. I blame it to Covid because business was slow and it affected production. I was so frustrated and I didn't know what next to do as I had past due bills and family to take care of. I started applying for government benefits none was fast coming forth and requires a lot of processing time. I later got a part-time job that the pay was low and i could not put up with the bills .it was really tough. I almost went into depression but I did not give up home. Recently I got a full-time job but I have been scared and anxious because they keep laying off employees weekly. I wouldn't want to go through the terrible situation I had last time.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
Stress from a toxic friendship, lack of support and isolation.
I was in a relationship with someone that took 5 years. We were planning on building a home together and he liked the idea and promised we would pull through together. I loved him so much that I would literary do nothing to heart his feeling. We built friendship for years and we had something beautiful and close to perfection. As time went on, I did not know what went wrong but he started showing disinterest in matters that concerns me . When it started we had the conversation. I was worried and he assured me nothing was wrong. I later found out with a great dismay that he was going out with one of our high school acquaintances . It really hurt the more when he told me what I thought we had was over. it shattered me emotional. He went from avoiding my calls to not wanting to see me around. it hurts me badly. As I recall this am feeling emotional because tit was a terrible period for me.
the pandemic
I have struggled with depression for a while but recently it seems to be getting worse, with no clear reason.
I am having trouble getting over the loss of a friendship that was important to me. I was very close to someone who acted as though he was my best friend but secretly didn't care for me at all. Eventually he told me so, and every time I think about it it feels like a punch in the stomach, even years later.
I lost my job, my car was just repossessed and my bills are all behind.
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
I have dealt with depression around this time of the year since i was 17. I am now 37. My cousin got killed in a car accident on Dec 29th at the age of 14. Then 18 years later on Jan 3rd I lost my boyfriend in a car accident. I struggle around the holidays even worse now than I did before.
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
My friends will not even call me half the time even though I am always calling them and trying to get together.
My girlfriend broke up with me because of race.
My friend thinks I put her second ever since I had children and she no longer wants to continue our 13 year friendship
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
My partner and I decided to part ways due to cheating and I have completely lost trust in any MEN out there now. I feel super helpless and need some advice and support.
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
Anxiety about losing my job
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
I cheated on my boyfriend and I don't want to tell him. I feel really bad because he is a great person.
Moved to a new location and haven't met any new friends and now with Covid it is impossible.
I have just broken up with my girlfriend
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
lot of problems in my working climate.my supervisor is very strict and angry man. any problem create in lot of issues in work place.
I love my parents but they want me to pursue business major while I am doing a psychology major to be Physician Assistant one day. They feel I am letting them down but in reality I want to be in the medicine field. I do not know what to do
I just don't really feel enthused about anything right now. I feel like I can't make any future plans, and that I don't have anything to look forward to.
I'm disgusted that the professors don't see me as a human with real emotions and feelings.
just everyday life
I am very depressed and i dont know what to do
Work is extremely stressful. I work 12 hour days and I feel like I have no time to do the things I like.
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
Work is extremely stressful. I work 12 hour days and I feel like I have no time to do the things I like.
My husband keeps wasting money and we are having a hard time making ends meet. We'd be fine if he didn't overspend, but he's addicted to it.
I keep failing my tests
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
Depression is currently taking a toll on my life. This pandemic is stressing me out.
what ever i study, i am not able to remember the contents which is necessary for my academic tests
i cant do well in school and they mock me
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
I do not know what Kingsley, my very close friend will be thinking right now. He asked me 1000 dollars that he will pay back in a week time, although I have the money but I have planned to get my wife a car today.
My uncle passed away a couple of days ago and I have really been going through it because I have lost 5 other family members this year
My job doesnt value me
I don't have enough money to buy my kids christmas gifts.
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
I miss my girlfriend so much and she left me for my best friend.
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
I don't like any of my friends. In fact, I don't think I like anyone.
I love my parents but they want me to pursue business major while I am doing a psychology major to be Physician Assistant one day. They feel I am letting them down but in reality I want to be in the medicine field. I do not know what to do
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
I lost my job and very distressed about it
My school is very stressful and puts high requirements on me.
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
I am just starting school & i feel like i not smart enough to graduate
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
finals are this week and i'm freaking out
I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I interviewed for.
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
My mind is consumed by depression
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
Im just feeling a little down in the dumps today
Ever since the insurgent of Covid-19 ,I was hit hard when I was relieved from my full-time job for a non justifiable reason. I blame it to Covid because business was slow and it affected production. I was so frustrated and I didn't know what next to do as I had past due bills and family to take care of. I started applying for government benefits none was fast coming forth and requires a lot of processing time. I later got a part-time job that the pay was low and i could not put up with the bills .it was really tough. I almost went into depression but I did not give up home. Recently I got a full-time job but I have been scared and anxious because they keep laying off employees weekly. I wouldn't want to go through the terrible situation I had last time.
My boyfriend left me after I confronted him about cheating on me. He admitted to cheating and was happy I knew. Then he told me he had been trying to figure out how to leave me and I now made it easy for him.
I have been feeling lost and directionless and I feel like I'm a waste of time and space. I don't know what to do with my life and I hate myself.
Because of my classes going completely online, it's been incredibly hard for me to keep up in my classes. Because of this, my grades are falling dramatically and I'm afraid that I won't be able to continue in college if next semester is also like this. I've tried reaching out to my professors, but most of them have been unhelpful with my situation.
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
I want to hangout with friends but I don't have the motivation
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
I am very depressed. I always have been. I don't know how to fix it. I've tried therapy and medicine but they don't seem to work.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I'm breaking up with my partner tomorrow and I'm so anxious.
In my youthful exuberance for entertainment, I had ditched study plans with my high school friend while we were in college to go play video games with some of my new college friends. After this event, I lost my high school friends
A co-worker continues to usurp my authority and interfere with my duties / responsibilities.
I fear that I might never be loved again. I feel so lonely.
I've recently lost my job due to the covid situation and my funds are dwindling by the day while we've been out into another lockdown
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
I have struggled with depression for a while but recently it seems to be getting worse, with no clear reason.
I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
I keep failing my tests
I had a situation which is actually forced me to break up with my partner. It gives me pain. However I strongly believed that my partner would feel about this. But he just took it easy. This hurts me a lot.
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
I broke up with my ex partner and found out they cheated on me
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I applied with a lot of companies and never hear back. I need money for the holidays.
I have a friend that completely screwed me out of money on a business venture.
My boyfriend and I broke up and I cant stop crying. I am depressed about being alone.
academic pressures
My daughter was very sick. It kept my wife and I up at night because she wasn't sleeping well.
My partner is abusing me for not earning money..I feel like ending my life instead of all the abuses being faced in life.
stree leads to depression
I am currently studying for an exam that I need to do for work.
I can't cope with Martins any more, he is a big liar
I broke up with my ex partner and found out they cheated on me
I am extremely bored and under stimulated without being in school or working.
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
My partner called me during the summer and has broken up with me.
my club is giving me a fuck headache, I cannot do without Arsenal but they are fucking up on a big time
My best friend can be kind of a tool when he is drinking alcohol. I think that he forgets to chill out sometimes and says stuff that is upsetting and does not think it through when he is saying is. Recently this occurred when talking about politics. In general we have the same beliefs but he put it over the top.
This pandemic has me depressed everyday and the drugs are not helping, before something else happens to me or I do something stupid, help.....
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
Not being able to do my daily routine is really getting to me. It's hard to get up every morning.
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
My finance is working out of the country till 2022 and I am left here by myself until he gets home. I have no friends and no one to talk to.
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
the pandemic
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
can't focus
I have to pass my test to pass the course. I'm am crazy nervous and can't sleep.
finals are this week and i'm freaking out
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me and i do not know the reason
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
covid no work
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
academic pressure
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
My friend died in a car accident
I've been given some feedback in work that has really annoyed me and I think I should complain about it.
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
My mind is consumed by depression
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
I miss seeing my friends in person and I havent heard from them in a while
Fear of layoff from job
I love my friends. But sometimes I feel as if I can't really be myself around them without being judged for doing something. I've known them for quite a long time now. I don't know if i am just being sensitive or what, but I feel like I'm the one that gets bullied in the friend group.
I have to find a higher paying job but it has been a while since I worked full time.
Broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. Now I feel lonely.
I don't know if I should continue with school right now and I am having a hard time making the decision.
In my youthful exuberance for entertainment, I had ditched study plans with my high school friend while we were in college to go play video games with some of my new college friends. After this event, I lost my high school friends
My best friend flirted with my wife and asked if she wants to have sex with her.
Fights on my friends circle some conversation going to long and some bad talking to both of us.
I have recently broke up with my girlfriend which has caused me great sadness
no specific event to describe
Because of my classes going completely online, it's been incredibly hard for me to keep up in my classes. Because of this, my grades are falling dramatically and I'm afraid that I won't be able to continue in college if next semester is also like this. I've tried reaching out to my professors, but most of them have been unhelpful with my situation.
fight with the partner
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
My friend's husband is spreading false rumors about me because my daughter moved up in soccer and his didn't. He is saying I'm having an affair with the coach, who is married! I am NOT and my daughter happens to be a much better soccer player. I do like his wife but this is unforgiveable.
I found out that my boss has not been paying me accurately. I am so upset because I don't know what to do. I feel like I should quit.
girlfriend broke my heart
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
as a new mom , i wanted to spend much time with baby , i took break from work but my mind became too lazy to get back work so i lost job .still my brain not yet all agree for try new job because of baby .I need much money to take care of entire family of 6 .I shame on my self why i thinking like this
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
With everything going on, my depression has taking a turn for the worst.
I was already having a really bad day, from a run in I had with a very rude lady. Then I received a text from someone who I thought was my friend. She felt like I haven' t been there for her because I didn't pick up her call. I honestly didn't see her call and definitely would've got back to her, if I saw her call. She said mean and nasty things about me, which I don' t care about. But she did the wrong mistake of bringing my child into the equation, when he had nothing to do with it. I wanted to really beat the crap out of her because not only did she do that, she blocked my number and ran. Like I was beyond pissed.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
Trying to balance the long demanding work hours with having family time. I’m getting mentally drained and not able to recharge.
I got a bad grade on a paper
my team lead give me a assignment during holiday but i can't do that
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
I suffer from chronic depression and stress due to a number of factors. Currently, life is very overwhelming with medical issues plaguing myself, my husband and our two children. I can't catch a break and I'm feeling overwhelmed.
I was laid off from my job
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
I messed up, my girl friend got pregnant two months to my wedding with my fiancée wedding
My curly hair is so unruly
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
My marriage of 10 years is currently failing.
Not being able to see family and friends due to Covid.
I am feeling quite nervous, apprehensive and worried about the current pandemic. I fear that I, or my loved ones, can catch it and become very ill. Also, I feel a bit isolated, which has caused me to have a bit more negative feelings of sadness.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I have recently been let go from my job due to the pandemic, and I have been feeling sad lately.
I'm bummed about my employer cutting my pay
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
I feel like I am not living up to my potential and I am a disappointment to my family.
I became a single mother last year and am battling with postpartum depression. I thought I would enjoy being a mother more. But I am unhappy.
I became a single mother last year and am battling with postpartum depression. I thought I would enjoy being a mother more. But I am unhappy.
I am currently studying for an exam that I need to do for work.
My friend is using drugs
my age (66), uselessness,fear of death
my dog died recently
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
I quit my full time job as an Administrative Assistant in August 2020 becuase my job did not following Covid-19 roles set up by the State in which I live in. I am struggling to find a job that is WFH since August.
For the last few weeks everything is an effort. I just can't get motivated. Why clean the house it will just get messed up again and no one else cares. I feel bad for my dog I don't even take him for walks anymore. Things that usually cheer me up or make me happy just seem pointless. No matter how hard I try I get nowhere. I just want to sleep until these feelings go away if they ever do
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
Catching up with academic deadlines
I'm failing my classes and I'm on scholarship
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
my friend betrayed because she thought i wanted to snatch her boyfriend from her.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
High expectations at work and little time to complete them
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
My sister-in-law is a horrible person, and she's harrassing me for jewelery from my mom, who just died.
I have been recently laid out because of COVID-19 and not solved yet.
I recently broke up with my partner. We have been dating for over 3 years. During this time with COVID and the election, I don't want to be alone. I feel lost.
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
My friend didn't like it that he dumped me. She told him he was an idiot to do that.
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
My company is going through a restructure and i am worried about my job
I just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
I accidentally shared a nude photo that was intended for private viewing to a group chat with several friends.
Every night I try to go to sleep and I am actually tired but once in bed I cannot stop thinking about tons of things and I cannot fell asleep.
the current pandemic
My boyfriend just told me that he wants to break up because he doesn't see a future because he never wants to get married but I do.
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
My friends left me after fighting amongst themselves.
I broke up with my girlfriend since we didn't have chemistry and now I feel alone.
Not being able to do my daily routine is really getting to me. It's hard to get up every morning.
Trying to adapt to teaching students online and feeling like I am failing them
the current pandemic
trying to find a job with good hours
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed
Not having enough friends nearby. My three nearby friends went away for holidays, so I have no one to spend time with over this weekend.
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
fight with the partner
My job doesnt value me
I'm so sad all the time.
I am working all the time and don’t have time for my family.
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
I messed up, my girl friend got pregnant two months to my wedding with my fiancée wedding
I have recently broke up with my girlfriend which has caused me great sadness
My boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him.
girlfriend of 5 years broke up with me
finals
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
My company is cutting salaries next year because of the pandemic, with potential for layoffs
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
I fear that I might never be loved again. I feel so lonely.
I have a huge test coming up soon and I don't think I am ready for it.
My wife and I had a threeway with my ex, and they're kind of at each other's throats now. The ex lives on our block too, so it's slightly awkward in the neighborhood
friend has possible COVID and going to hospital today for tests
I broke up with my girlfriend since we didn't have chemistry and now I feel alone.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. I WANT TO ACHEIVE SOMETHING IN MY LIFE. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS AND ALSO I THINK ABOUT IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. SO THIS MAKES ME DEPRESSED PERSON AND EVEN I CAN'T TALK WITH MY FRIENDS WELL
I am self employed, and my job is at a halt due to covid 19. I am very anxious about when i will be able to return to work, and my current financial situation
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
Have an essay due Monday and haven’t even finished the lessons. I feel like I shouldn’t be doing this degree
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
Covid 19 stress with the added stress of the holduas
I just broke up with my boyfriend. I am really depressed and lonely now.
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
I will be losing my job in january. I am very fearful about finding a new one.
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
Pressures from my parent to be the top of the class
I just broke up with my boyfriend and I hinestly don't know what to do
I miss seeing my friends
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
I am very anxious about loved ones with COVID right now and finances this close to the Holidays
people would make fun of me based on the color of my skin or anything that has to do with my color.
My friend's are Trump supporters. It hurts because it does not follow my values and morals.
I lost my job and not sure how I will pay for rent.
I am struggling with my law school exam prep. I'm not sure if I can make it through law school
i just broke up with my girlfriend last week. I found her cheating
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
My friend's dad passed away due to Coronavirus and I am sad.
I fear that I might never be loved again. I feel so lonely.
Fear of layoff from my job
I broke up with my girlfriend since we didn't have chemistry and now I feel alone.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
Had an issue with my wife concerning my drinking habits where she complained that I had of late been drinking soo much. There was a confrontation that almost led to a breakup and now we are not talking. The situation is serious
I'm frustrated with Covid, having family issues, and I'm the caregiver for my disabled sister. Plus the holidays have been cancelled and so I'm just pretty anxious and depressed.
I have a lot of academic pressure from my program and I'm not receiving any help from my advisors.
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
My roommate says she wants me to move out.
masters degree
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
I can't seem to make any friends - always left on my own and no-one to talk to
It is finals week at my college and I am very anxious about it.
police shootings of unarmed black people
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
am sinking into depression
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
I drank too much and don't remember what happened last night.
I got a bad grade on a paper
Due to this pandemic, I've been feeling more depressed than ever. I am fearful for my job and my financials. Not a day goes by I don't think about my financial situation. If this pandemic keeps going on, my financial situation will worsen.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I feel very cut off and detached from my family, who lives many miles away from me in another state.
My pet died last week and I also failed my exam
I recently broke-up with my boyfriend. We were together 5 years.
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
Ex girlfriend issues.
They are always demotivate my economic status. It hurts me a lot
I broke up with a partner and I’m verbally upset and emotionally upset as well
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
I have naturally suffer from clinical depression
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
lose job
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
I am on short term disability and I am afraid I will lose my job if I don't go back soon.
i'm doing a bad job at my job and there are rumors i'll be fired soon. i am a newscaster at a small radio station. basically this job is too much for me. i feel tremendous pressure.
I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore
I am getting a divorce. My ex is fighting a lot over child support and visitation.
Due to COVID-19 I can not focus on studies and can't fine help
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
School work piling up, lots of projects and pressure on time issues. Wanted to escape but can't.
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
I have been out of work and my father passed now we have to move to a smaller house and I am my mothers care giver
Broke up with my partner prior to this pandemic. Now I feel lonely.
covid
I've always struggled with depression. I just feel hopeless.
I have a friend who knew me since I was little, she is closer to my mother's age so she is kinda like my aunt growing up. She always treat me like I was little. I understand that she knew me since I was little. But I'm a grown woman now and I want our relationship to go far and grow more. I tried to explain it to her but she is not getting it. It's made me feel sad that we can't move our relationship further.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
I miss seeing my friends
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I get to hurting so bad in my lower back that it upsets me and then I take it out on the one's around me.
I am isolated due to covid and don't see the situation getting better any time soon.
I found out an ex friend was talking behind my back to my current friends about me
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
I just had a baby and im struggling with my physical appearance and my mental health.
Nervous about a test in the future because I do not know if I am learning well enough because of lack of in-person teaching.
just always feel this way
My husband and I are having a very difficult tine both working remotely during the corona virus and having two kids with us all day who are learning online. We are being interrupted daily and they tend to come to my office more-so than my husbands. He seems to think I can deal with this better and more efficiently but my work is just as important as his. We both make about the same income.
breakup with partner makes me to feel very bad and sad in the suitation.
My boyfriend broke up with me in a facebook story. He won't tell me why. He won't return my calls or answer my messages. I think it is because I posted something (innocent) that made him jealous. But he is being so cruel. He posts many sad songs to make it seem like he is so hurt by me, but he won't even speak with me. I can't eat or sleep. I'm losing my mind.
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
daily stresses
I am alone and have no friends.
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
Anxiety about losing my job
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
breakup with partner
trying to find a job in this town is almost impossible, it is either fast food, walmart, or if you know someone the chemical plants. i need to get out of the place i am in or i am going to go insane. i cant do that without more income.
My partner broke up with me. He cheated on me.
COVID-19 has completely ruined my family's travel plans. Instead of travelling to see them, we have to stay home.
Depressed due to a breakup
I HAVE NOT worked in 4 years and i feel very ashamed
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
I feel like I won't ever get a proper job and move out of my parents' home.
my friend has a new friend
The fact that my job does not take my health seriously
I am afraid of receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I feel that worried about my finances as I am tapping into my savings to feel afloat.
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
I have been very depressed due to lack of job and its affecting me mentally
I made a mistake at work and I feel I might get sacked.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
I failed my Finals and now I am on academic probation. I am afraid I will be expelled.
Recently divorced my husband of eight years after finding out he married another women overseas.
My friends left me after fighting amongst themselves.
My friends are not taking the current pandemic seriously and often have get togethers.
My ex-partner told me yesterday that after being engaged for almost a year, he no longer wants to marry me and he moved out.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
I am angry because I think my husband is controlling but he says I dont understand what controlling is
lots of problems happening in my life so many family issues
I am severely stressed about my college course and my grades during the pandemic.
I have anxiety to leave my families,
I have no motivation to finish my work assignments
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
I am feeling very upset and sad that I had to break up with my girlfriend. I want some help with my sad meotions.
I found out that my boss has not been paying me accurately. I am so upset because I don't know what to do. I feel like I should quit.
I just lost my job of seven years and am anxious about finding a new one during the holidays in a pandemic.
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
when i was in school we both joined school on same day .we were sit beside each other and became good friends from on words .we completed schooling and started living together, we settled in good jobs too .we were so happy and loved each other.But he met an colleague in office and started cheating me , because she has lot of money .That broke my heart.We separated .I went to depression in this covid time
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
i'm in depression because recently i lost my job
Had a fight with friend.
I broke up with a guy. I still talk to him. He might want me back-not sure. There is another guy who is interested in me now, However he's going through a divorce and keeps putting off seeing me.
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
i c ant beleive how some of my friends voted
I miss seeing my friends in person and I havent heard from them in a while
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
My dad and I do not talk anymore even though we used to be close.
i caught my boyfriend cheating with a friend
EVER SINCE THIS PANDEMIC HAS EMERGED IT JUST SEEMS LIKE THINGS HAVE BEEN GOING DOWN INSTEAD OF UP. PRIOR TO THE PANDEMIC, I HAD A JOB OF 10 YEARS, CHILDREN WERE GROWING INTO TEENAGERS, AND THE HUSBAND WAS OUT OF TOWN WORKING AS HE HAS DONE OUR ENTIRE 21 YEAR MARRIAGE. WELL SINCE THE PANDEMIC, I WAS IMMEDIATELY LET GO AT WORK. THE TEENAGERS WERE SCENTENCED TO DITIGITAL LEARNING AND MY HUSBAND DID EVERYTHING HE COULD POSSIBLY DO TO HOLD THE ONLY JOB AND INCOME THE WAS COMING INTO THE HOME. BUT EVENTUALLY JUST A MONTH AGO THAT WAS TAKEN OUT FROM UNDER US AS WELL. I DIDNT MIND NOT WORKING ALTHOUGH IT WAS AN ESCAPE FROM MY MOTHERLY DUTIES AND THE REALITY OF BEING A FULL TIME WIFE. BUT NOW THAT WE HAVE REACHED JUST OVER A YEAR OF THE PANDEMIC IT HAS BROKEN ME DOWN IN SO MANY WAYS IT FEELS LIKE. THE WHOLE YEAR WITH JUST THE HUSBAND WORKING WEVE STRUGGLED TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE AND PAY THE MONTHLY EXPENSES THAT COME WITH THE ADULT LIFE AND NOW IM A MESS
I need to make more money right now to support myself, But I love my job and I am scared to leave it. And start over.
Friends do not want to hang out due to pandemic
as a new mom , i wanted to spend much time with baby , i took break from work but my mind became too lazy to get back work so i lost job .still my brain not yet all agree for try new job because of baby .I need much money to take care of entire family of 6 .I shame on my self why i thinking like this
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
i'm very sad because my friend doesn't want to talk with me
I have been feeling lost and directionless and I feel like I'm a waste of time and space. I don't know what to do with my life and I hate myself.
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
I only have two weeks left to make major revisions to my scientific paper that was recently submitted to a journal. I am freaking out.
I've been experiencing repeated romantic rejections from potential mates.
My friend is a lier and a cheater. I know it.
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
I'm failing my classes and I'm on scholarship
Boss keeps hitting on a co-worker, who really doesn't like the guy. What can I do to make it stop?
I have no motivation to finish my work assignments
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I've recently lost my job due to the covid situation and my funds are dwindling by the day while we've been out into another lockdown
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
I am so scared of going out and finding a job due to Covid 19 but I need to work right now . my bills are piling up
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
My boss reduced my pay so that he gets a bonus
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
having to stay in my apartment all the time due to covid. i have a pre-existing condition that puts me at risk. i feel isolated as a result. i need social contact to feel better
I am struggling with my law school exam prep. I'm not sure if I can make it through law school
covid stress
Haven't been able to sleep for weeks. My mind just won't stop when I try.
my boss cut my pay to save his bonus this year
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
I have finals coming up and I am really nervous and I don't feel prepared.
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
I feel I am failing in my graduate program. I feel that I am not good enough to earn my doctorate degree.
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
Fear of layoff from work
Everything was going crazy in the world with COVID. I was worried about my daughter and her education. Then suddenly, I lose a lot of my hours at work and have to quit one of my jobs due to the virus and becoming her main caretaker again. This really makes me nervous because the price of everything is continually going up and I have little excess money to spend.
I feel depressed about being lonely and sad.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
My partner just walked out on me saying he cannot do this anymore
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years.
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
I knew Doug was married when we first started talking. It wasn't supposed to be anything serious. Just a fling! It's seven months and I know he won't leave his wife for me. I just don't how to get out of this.
I lost 5 borrowed books, I collected those books in my school library
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
My friend who's a year ahead of me in school is looking at jobs in an entirely different part of the country that I was looking at grad schools in, but she expects me to follow her there, which had previously been our plan.
I have so much homework that I can't keep up and I dont feel motivated in my classes because im so behind.
I am falling in love with a friend who doesn't return any feelings like this.
worried about losing my job
always being asked to do things and help , and no one is here for me
My wife of 6 years decided one day last week she wanted to end things. This comes after finding out we cannot have anymore children. So its a combination of the 2.
My business is suffering because of the pandemic. I'm very worried I won't be able to pay my bills soon.
I met Ivy a couple of years ago at the park. It only took one glimpse to feel my heart sparked. We kicked off things slowly, its been two years now. She confessed her love to me and I did the same. I was planning to propose to her when i found out she is pregnant with another mans child. I am broken, my future is no more and I feel my life is meaningless
I am getting a divorce. My ex is fighting a lot over child support and visitation.
Moved to a new location and haven't met any new friends and now with Covid it is impossible.
I don't think my current job is right for me. I have been doing it for 7 years and it's all I know. I don't know what to do for the best.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
My friends left me after fighting amongst themselves.
My best friend flirted with my wife and asked if she wants to have sex with her.
I recently made a mistake at work that I could get in trouble for, and I am nervous to approach my manager about my mistake.
I'm frustrated with Covid, having family issues, and I'm the caregiver for my disabled sister. Plus the holidays have been cancelled and so I'm just pretty anxious and depressed.
i'm in depression because recently i lost my job
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
I have accepted a new job and my work friends are upset that I am leaving them.
i cheated on her
I have had a lady who has been a friend for one year now. We have been in good terms until recently when she no longer has time for me and she does not explain the reason for the same. I have scheduled several meetings but she turns down my request every time. I dont know what to do at such a time when i need her support the most.
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
My three years relationship ended last week , he betrayed me he had another affair , we discussed and break up . He misused my credit card he took my all money. he spreading fake news about me in social media.
i have depression because recently i lost my job
can't focus
Its really sad that with todays COVID crisis we are no longer able to enjoy daily normal life. We are not able to mingle and meet our family and friends. We are stuck in our homes during this unprecedented time.
I need to get straight A's to get into graduate school.
In my youthful exuberance for entertainment, I had ditched study plans with my high school friend while we were in college to go play video games with some of my new college friends. After this event, I lost my high school friends
My best friend of 5 years said they hated me.
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
I am drinkin beers almost every day
My supervisor recently resigned from my organization and I am worried that I cannot step up and fill her role. I want that role too!
My friend didn't like it that he dumped me. She told him he was an idiot to do that.
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
The feel of isolation during pandemic and being an immigrant without any family closeby.
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
I have always been an honors student but with virtual school, I'm falling so far behind and I'm not sure when school will ever go back to normal.
lose job
Friends that I used to trust and they broke up the trust.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
I just have no energy and feel helpless about current events.
I HAVE NOT worked in 4 years and i feel very ashamed
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
I am depressed staying home due to COVID
My sister-in-law is a horrible person, and she's harrassing me for jewelery from my mom, who just died.
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
I've been given some feedback in work that has really annoyed me and I think I should complain about it.
I drank too much and was late for work again and got fired.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
My boyfriend and I recently broke up due to our long-distance relationship and the impact COVID-19 has had on the travel industry.
Catching up with academic deadlines
Moved to a new location and haven't met any new friends and now with Covid it is impossible.
I married a divorcee. She was not honest with me. I felt sympathy about her previous marriage. She was not honest about her real problems. She treated me horribly. I had to leave.
turned in ex gf to cps for giving her kids drugs.
i feel as though i could do better academically. i kept telling myself - if i could only write better then i could get better grades.
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
My finance is working out of the country till 2022 and I am left here by myself until he gets home. I have no friends and no one to talk to.
My thesis is due tomorrow and we have to do an individual presentation about our topics. I feel prepared but I know one professor that knows she intimidates me. I am just a nervous wreck.
I decided to separate from my husband after finding myself incredibly unhappy.
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
Friends keep calling my face ugly
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
I can not find a career i am stressing
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
Nothing special just an ongoing thing i've been dealing with since my daughter was born.
breakup with my lover
I am sad about not having family near me. I am in a town all alone.
Misunderstanding with friend
I have anger issues which has made me lose a lot of friends. I really need someone to help me get out of this before I hurt myself.
My boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him.
I was homeless. I had to leave a place I loved. It was mentally a bad state.
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
I'm in the depression because of todays market situation
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
I am extremely stressed with work and am very unhappy.
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
I have recently been let go from my job due to the pandemic, and I have been feeling sad lately.
some many people losing jobs due to covid
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
I will lose my job in January
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
I fall back on my study by playing too much online games and now I might fail my exams.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
Being unemployed, working online and barely paying the bills. Between rent, food bills. I am barely getting by. Some weeks can't even afford food shopping. So I live off a big bag of rice and pasta and beans. Not even $200 a month is left after bills.
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
I have recently been let go from my job due to the pandemic, and I have been feeling sad lately.
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
I am having lot of stress due to my upcoming exams.
I just lost my job of seven years and am anxious about finding a new one during the holidays in a pandemic.
i couldnt sleep because my neighbors were partying and playing loud music
My depression is getting worse and worse due to this pandemic. I feel like things will turn for the worse in my life.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
EVER SINCE THIS PANDEMIC HAS EMERGED IT JUST SEEMS LIKE THINGS HAVE BEEN GOING DOWN INSTEAD OF UP. PRIOR TO THE PANDEMIC, I HAD A JOB OF 10 YEARS, CHILDREN WERE GROWING INTO TEENAGERS, AND THE HUSBAND WAS OUT OF TOWN WORKING AS HE HAS DONE OUR ENTIRE 21 YEAR MARRIAGE. WELL SINCE THE PANDEMIC, I WAS IMMEDIATELY LET GO AT WORK. THE TEENAGERS WERE SCENTENCED TO DITIGITAL LEARNING AND MY HUSBAND DID EVERYTHING HE COULD POSSIBLY DO TO HOLD THE ONLY JOB AND INCOME THE WAS COMING INTO THE HOME. BUT EVENTUALLY JUST A MONTH AGO THAT WAS TAKEN OUT FROM UNDER US AS WELL. I DIDNT MIND NOT WORKING ALTHOUGH IT WAS AN ESCAPE FROM MY MOTHERLY DUTIES AND THE REALITY OF BEING A FULL TIME WIFE. BUT NOW THAT WE HAVE REACHED JUST OVER A YEAR OF THE PANDEMIC IT HAS BROKEN ME DOWN IN SO MANY WAYS IT FEELS LIKE. THE WHOLE YEAR WITH JUST THE HUSBAND WORKING WEVE STRUGGLED TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE AND PAY THE MONTHLY EXPENSES THAT COME WITH THE ADULT LIFE AND NOW IM A MESS
I have a very good friend whom I have noticed does not tell me the truth , she cherry picks what she wants to tell me. I have also noticed that she doesn't call me unless I call. What got me so upset what was she did the last time I called her. She got me off the phone in a matter of seconds saying that she will call back , but never did. I felt so dejected and promised never to call her back again.
I have a friend who is mad at me because I told her to pull up her mask while she was talking to me. She became very offended and actually started yelling at me as to how I am healthy and will live through Corona if I caught it. I reminded her about my family and other people but she is stubborn. She is just now starting to believe Corona is real.
Constantly arguing with my best friend, we never see eye to eye on important things on my life.
End of job contract
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
I was going to marry my girlfriend but she broke up with me a prior to proposing for an unknown reason.
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
Me and a close friend of mine got in an arguement because she dated a guy that I had just broke up with and I dated a guy that she had just broke up with
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
For the past couple years, I've been dealing with depression. I'm lonely, sad, scared and worried. I feel like there's no reason to live.
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
My close friend committed a mistake. I truly informed her and argued to rectify the mistake. But she opposed and tried to avoid me and she scolded me more. Moreover she told all our friends that I am doing jealously and it was irritating her. This event make me very depressed.
General daily stresses
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
I am mad at my professor for giving me a 0 on a test.
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
I have been overloaded with school work recently. I failed my first exam earlier this week and I am stressed and anxious about my exams later in the week.
suicide
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
stree leads to depression
I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
I'm fearful of where I'll be living in the future.
I have recently been let go from my job due to the pandemic, and I have been feeling sad lately.
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
Fear of layoff from my job
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
I keep trying to get started, but my kitchen mess seems so overwhelming.
My husband and I are having a very difficult tine both working remotely during the corona virus and having two kids with us all day who are learning online. We are being interrupted daily and they tend to come to my office more-so than my husbands. He seems to think I can deal with this better and more efficiently but my work is just as important as his. We both make about the same income.
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
I was in a course with a bad teacher and was not doing well. I felt like his grading was unfair and his teaching methods were unclear. When I tried to talk to him about the issues I was having I didn't feel like he did anything to help.
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
i am breakup with my partner because some fight with my partner she is still stay at office. then she not return to home. i have 2 childrens the childrens are aks about they father i can not tell about my fight.
My girlfriend has a rare condition that can be very expensive to just keep her healthy. Her grandparents are supporting us and the grandmother's husband is going through dementia and making everyone stressed and could possibly die leaving 3 houses to pay off.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
facing a breakup with the partner..
struggling with my demons
I feel depressed because of the lockdown. I don't know how to get out of it.
I failed an exam last semester and have to stay in school for another year.
My dog died about a month ago and I've just been feeling very depressed. I can't move on yet.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
Nowadays, I get anxious thinking about my job stability.
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
I have recently broke up with my girlfriend which has caused me great sadness
For a long time I have struggled with depression
there will be layoff to me
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
I am worried I do not play the politics game well enough for the growth I want.
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
trying to find a job with good hours
I fear my depression is getting worse. This pandemic is taking a toll on me.
I want more online jobs in this pandemic nut hard to find.
Near failing a class that will pretty much depend my future career
i don't understand the course
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
I have suffered from depression for twenty years and despair of every getting any better.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
My job required me to work for 80-90 hours a week. Due to this, I could not spend any time on myself, my family and my friends.
My job required me to work for 80-90 hours a week. Due to this, I could not spend any time on myself, my family and my friends.
people would make fun of me based on the color of my skin or anything that has to do with my color.
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
Due to COVID-19 I can not focus on studies and can't fine help
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
I'm so sad all the time.
My wife of 6 years decided one day last week she wanted to end things. This comes after finding out we cannot have anymore children. So its a combination of the 2.
I'm bummed about my employer cutting my pay
My friend is not treating me the way that a friend is supposed to be treating me
I just feel like every one hates me and no one really wants to be my friend. It feels like when someone is nice to me they are just doing it as a favor and they don’t really like me or care about me
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I just can't seem to unwind at night.
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
lost job went to prison
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
I recently faced a breakup with my partner..
I was raped by my first boyfriend when I was thirteen years old.
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
Trying to complete my senior year
I found out my girlfriend was cheating on me thru text. I caught her typing to a another guy.
I have a great friend that has died of corona virus. I am shattered because I could not see her in her last moments or go to her funeral. All we had was facetime. She was only 35 with severe asthma. I am reeling. This happened two weeks ago and my sadness and depression is overwhelming. How can I get over this?
bad experiences with others
They are always demotivate my economic status. It hurts me a lot
My mom died almost 2 years ago. Due to anxiety, i have a long term boyfriend but no other friends so i was pretty close with my mom. i miss her desperately
I just feel really depressed all the time, I feel like my life has no meaning
I can't fall asleep as my mind races at night
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
I am stuck in my house to protect my family from covid. All of my friends don't include me/talk to me anymore because I am no longer able to participate in their activities during the pandemic. They all left me and they used to be my best friends.
I studied really hard and failed my math test, i even got a tutor. worst day ever.
I have to repeat one of my classes over winter break, but I have plans with family. I will lose my scholarship if i dont pass
I feel anxious all the time about covid and trying to make money.
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
i shared somethng with my best ffirend and she betrayed me
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
suicide
Fear of losing my job
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
I can't go on a day without having a glass of alcohol
My partners and I are not on the same terms. Need some emotional support.
I am losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for work right now
eviction
I am supposed to be getting married overseas but I cannot because of the border policy due to COVID
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
I have a friend who knew me since I was little, she is closer to my mother's age so she is kinda like my aunt growing up. She always treat me like I was little. I understand that she knew me since I was little. But I'm a grown woman now and I want our relationship to go far and grow more. I tried to explain it to her but she is not getting it. It's made me feel sad that we can't move our relationship further.
I lost my job.
My friend's are Trump supporters. It hurts because it does not follow my values and morals.
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
Long day of work. Came home early, ended up catching my partner having an affair with my roommate
Fear of layoff from work
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
About to take a licensure exam for my field. I get 1 try a year to pass at a 90% rate. I deal with a lot of test anxiety and the current COVID-19 crisis has amplified my worries. How can I put myself at ease in the testing center and ace this exam?
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
Had a fight with friend.
I have finals coming up soon and I also have a lot of other stuff going on in my life and I am very stressed.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
My current position will be eliminated within 6 months. I am very anxious and concerned that I will likely not find another position at mu current salary level.
My ex-boyfriend and I decided to split after 6 years and we are also deciding who will be moving from our shared apartment.
My mental health (innatentive ADHD) cannot be properly medicated with the recommended medication because of an underlying heart condition. Causing a low mood.
I got a bad grade on a paper
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
I experience sleepless nights so frequently since I lost my best friend due to Covid 19. I keep on having memories we had growing up together. When I think about this things I cannot sleep sometimes for an entire night.
my boss does not care about my and there is no guidance complete ignorance due to the fact that I am a female in a male domain
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday. I had been with her for years and now living life without her feels heart breaking.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
I can't stop eating at work
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
My friend has a girlfriend who is a real bitch. I can't stand how she treats me and others. I wish that my friend would dump her.
I had a situation which is actually forced me to break up with my partner. It gives me pain. However I strongly believed that my partner would feel about this. But he just took it easy. This hurts me a lot.
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
I have so much homework that I can't keep up and I dont feel motivated in my classes because im so behind.
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
College finals are next week and I have been sic so I gave them been able to study like I wanted to.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
I am worried I do not play the politics game well enough for the growth I want.
I recently found out that my best friend has lied to me about her whole life, and when I invited to my home she finally told me the truth after staying for a month ad we were fighting for the entire month she stayed.
daily stresses
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and another 10% has been furloughed.
i talk with my friendship
the current pandemic
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
I fear that I might get fired in my job. My boss hates me. My co-workers harrass me at times.
Working as a teacher, I find it very hard to get students who don't care to engage with work. 90% of students are fine, but the other 10% are impossible as I have no support from management.
Being unemployed, working online and barely paying the bills. Between rent, food bills. I am barely getting by. Some weeks can't even afford food shopping. So I live off a big bag of rice and pasta and beans. Not even $200 a month is left after bills.
lose job
I have lost my job, and my entire industry has been shut down due to Covid-19, and I am struggling to find work that is safe for me to do from home.
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
related to the current pandemic
I had a nasty breakup with my boyfriend. He stepped out on me and lied to my face.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
I lost friend as she does not reach out to me anymore and wonder why.
I've suffered from depression since I was a kid but since the pandemic started it's harder to find the motivation to go on, to go about my day, to get out of bed, etc.
This time is too hard for me fine a jobs which require me to search and get pay for unemployment.
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
I suffered bullying at school. for the simple fact of being not very fat but if stuffed, they called me a cow, they made the expression of a cow, they threw my bag in the trash, I had no friends. It was hard and strong to be able to study there, after that they changed my school, everything was fine until those from the previous school found out where I was studying and the bullying started again. It has had an impact on my life, I believe that even my feelings are the same, I have not been able to forget it.
Unable to fall asleep and the sleep through the night have been like this for a very long time
I have just realized I will never be able to afford a real house for my family and feel horrible,
i shared somethng with my best ffirend and she betrayed me
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
My neighbors are all mad at me, because I was the cause of a mutual friend being evicted from our complex. Her dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week. I reported the incident to apartment management and Animal Control. She was told to get rid of her dog or move. She elected to move, but continued to say that she "got kicked out because of me". I guess friends liked her more, because now I'm the "bad guy".
I am in a deep depression, have no friends or family to talk to. I also started drinking
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
My friend's are Trump supporters. It hurts because it does not follow my values and morals.
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
My job informed me that they will be reducing my hours and not extend my contract.
Fear of losing my job
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
i couldnt sleep because my neighbors were partying and playing loud music
Family disharmony, young niece having to witness a lot of verbal fighting.
Pressures from my parent to be the top of the class
I have just lost my job, and am experiencing depression, as a result of financial worry.
Trying to adapt to teaching students online and feeling like I am failing them
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
i left my job, and moved across the country without another job lined up. it's been 3 months since i have worked. and this is compounded by a lot of feelings of loss and grieving as i left a job of 8 years.
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
Job safety is causing my sadness and stress. COVID-19 is making it worse.
My job shut down due to COVID and I've lost a lot of income.
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
Having to help my sons with their school work has put me into a negative mood because it's so hard to get them to work on stuff and I feel like they are becoming angrier with me. I feel like my relationship with my sons is getting worse and I also feel like they are getting a worse school experience having to work with me.
I experience sleepless nights so frequently since I lost my best friend due to Covid 19. I keep on having memories we had growing up together. When I think about this things I cannot sleep sometimes for an entire night.
I think that i am gaining weight and hard as i try I can not keep it off and i am getting vry put down.
I've been experiencing repeated romantic rejections from potential mates.
I fear my depression is getting worse. This pandemic is taking a toll on me.
I am failing in my learning because of COVID. It is very stressful.
My friends will not even call me half the time even though I am always calling them and trying to get together.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
Conflict with parents
I got an email from my job that they will not extend my job and will have to leave.
lot of problems in my working climate.my supervisor is very strict and angry man. any problem create in lot of issues in work place.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
It is not well to do better information for gather with my friends and they irritated me.
I was recently kicked out of my fathers house.
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
I always feel like the way I look does not live up to the expectations of those close to me. This makes me very anxious when I go to meet with them.
I work a dead end job.
I have so much credit card debt and don't know how I am going to pay it off
My supervisor lied about having adequate coverage.
I'm feeling very lonely lately and I don't have many friends to turn to. This makes me sad because I've always had only a few friends but now they have families and kids and I feel more alone than ever.
I feel like my employees are working against me.
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
I am depressed about Covid and being restricted from going places.
i caught my boyfriend cheating with a friend
I am depressed and always angry. I lose my temper and say racist things to people, and am miserable to be around. I got mad at my father inlaw for talking badly about President Trump on Thanksgiving, and I called everyone "a bunch of nigger lovers" and stormed out of the house. Been angry ever since.
I TALK WITH MY FRIENDSHIP
I've been experiencing repeated romantic rejections from potential mates.
the pandemic
i have discontinued my studies due to financial problems. i feel like i am depressed lately.
the pandemic
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
I am finding the second lockdown intensely difficult to deal with, even worse than the first.
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
I am worried about failing my college math exams and being kicked out of school.
I broke up with my partner.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
My daughter was very sick. It kept my wife and I up at night because she wasn't sleeping well.
My boyfriend of 4 years broke up with me. He left me for a younger girl.
We had a staff appreciation day, but we all got drunk by the end of the day. So now I am worried my boss will judge me or fire me.
I am in the process of applying to colleges and my parents are making a big deal of getting into the school of their choice. If I do not, it is up to me to find a way to pay for college.
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
Ive gained some weight after having my kids. I havent been able to lose or go below 150. so nothing fits, or nothing looks good on me anymore. and i feel thats why my boyfriend doesnt compliment me ever or make me feel wanted at all.
I broke up with my girlfriend.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
finals
I recently broke-up with my boyfriend. We were together 5 years.
just can not get out of a bad mood
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
I am having trouble getting over the loss of a friendship that was important to me. I was very close to someone who acted as though he was my best friend but secretly didn't care for me at all. Eventually he told me so, and every time I think about it it feels like a punch in the stomach, even years later.
I've been feeling more depressed since quitting my job so that I could be around to take care of my children. Now that there's a pandemic raging I'm feeling even more depressed because I have to help my children with schoolwork and I don't have a ton of time to make money to help my husband out with our finances.
I don't know what to do anymore, everything in my life is going downward.
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
I don't have enough money to pay bills. I am so scared. I need help.
My boyfriend and I broke up and I cant stop crying. I am depressed about being alone.
I'm feeling so depressed lately. The holidays are coming and I just want to stay in bed under the covers.
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
End of job contract
In the last year I have been dealing with chronic health issues as well as have Covid-19 shut everything down. I feel like my life has come to a complete stop and there is nothing to look forward to anymore.
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
I recently left my job because of a toxic environment but now I'm having trouble finding another and I'm running out of money.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
Me and my best friend are drifting apart. She never seems to want to hang out anymore.
I've had some degree of depression for a long time. Longer than this damn pandemic. I've always been a homebody but not leaving the house at all for almost three months was a lot. A lot has happened over the past year and I'm not sure how to handle it all. I feel alone even when there are people around.
trying to find a job in this town is almost impossible, it is either fast food, walmart, or if you know someone the chemical plants. i need to get out of the place i am in or i am going to go insane. i cant do that without more income.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years.
I have a problem with my preteen son. Perhaps we have been together at home quarantine for too long that he just rage today, saying that he has no life while i told him that he need to at least finish up a math worksheet assignment. This is after he already had 3 hours free video game time. He yelled, I screamed.
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
I'm failing my classes and I'm on scholarship
I just found out that my husband has small cell cancer. We are very scared because there is a 25% chance of remission. I have been crying off and on and trying to be strong but it is tough. I understand that it is hard on him but he has been mean or treating me like I am stupid.
Every day it's very difficult for me to get started doing anything at all. A lot of times I struggle just to get up and go brush my teeth and I only shower maybe a few times a week.
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
We had a staff appreciation day, but we all got drunk by the end of the day. So now I am worried my boss will judge me or fire me.
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
I don't have motivation to do anything. Everything seems pointless.
I had a nasty breakup with my boyfriend. He stepped out on me and lied to my face.
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
My husband abandoned me and my kids
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
I am depressed as I feel I am not good enough or doing enough in life.
I was working when one of my bosses continued to bully and speak down to me
I am unemployed right now and its hard for me to find a job where I can earn enough to support my family
My daughter was hit by a car and I'm having depression over it.
The partiality in my work place and the favorability to people who hardly work but always say "yes" to my manager's say.
Long day of work. Came home early, ended up catching my partner having an affair with my roommate
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
I lost my job during covid and it's hard to get a job during these times.
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
I am unemployed right now and its hard for me to find a job where I can earn enough to support my family
Had an issue with my wife concerning my drinking habits where she complained that I had of late been drinking soo much. There was a confrontation that almost led to a breakup and now we are not talking. The situation is serious
My girlfriend and I broke up due to all the fights we were having. It was mutual but it was still sad. I felt as if my life had ended and everything was in black and white. I was sad for a year afterwards.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
i cant do well in school and they mock me
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
For the last few weeks everything is an effort. I just can't get motivated. Why clean the house it will just get messed up again and no one else cares. I feel bad for my dog I don't even take him for walks anymore. Things that usually cheer me up or make me happy just seem pointless. No matter how hard I try I get nowhere. I just want to sleep until these feelings go away if they ever do
My set of friends with include 6 close women are falling apart because of not communicating often and not being physically close to one another. It is really weird how being apart from one another can really change strong relationships. I am still close with everyone but I can not say the same about everyone else. We have all known each other for 25 years and it makes me sad and anxious that when we come out corona it won't be the same. Specifically, two of my besties are arguing with each other over a piece of sensitive gossip that was shared outside our group. Someone feels betrayed and I want to help them both without taking sides.
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
My mom died almost 2 years ago. Due to anxiety, i have a long term boyfriend but no other friends so i was pretty close with my mom. i miss her desperately
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
I can't find a job since I've been staying home with children for so many years. I'm starting to feel a shame because I am having trouble paying bills.
I'm feeling depressed and overwhelmed
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
My boyfriend and I broke up and I cant stop crying. I am depressed about being alone.
These mofos are trying to charge me an "administrative processing fee" for helping gather some supplies!! Taxin' my packages man!
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
due to covid , all offline classes are closed in university. In online classes nobody teaching properly and we paid all fees for entire year.Our exams reaching very near.When we complained nobody taking care this .How we prepare and how to understand new syllabus
Parents are pressuring me to become a doctor
I am in a crisis over my employer not having enough money to pay me. It is really causing me to be fearful.
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
found out my fiance was cheating on me
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
I had to throw out my 13 year old sister.
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
overall daily stresses
My friend is not treating me the way that a friend is supposed to be treating me
I lost my job recently, and it has been very difficult to keep paying my bills.
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
I recently lost my job due to a disability. I have not been able to get another job.
in this covid time , my job in trouble .I tested covid positive and unble to attended my office hours fro 2 months .My manager thought i joined another company but i was not yet all healthy to do any job .And i became pregnant in this covid time .I scaring how can i handle baby and job .I need much money but my manager not agree to give job
I was scheduled to take my vacation after next week on Christmas week but due to some people quitting my boss suggested that I will have to work , I will not work because I already have plans but I am afraid that if I don’t work she will cut my hours when I come back
Not being able to visit parents for Thanksgiving because of Covid.
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
I am very scared about next college semester it is frightening
Pressures from my parent to be the top of the class
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
My mental health (innatentive ADHD) cannot be properly medicated with the recommended medication because of an underlying heart condition. Causing a low mood.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
crippling homework and procrastination i cant keep up in class
I have a presentation to give to my class and I have a phobia of speaking in public.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
My parents have this expectation of me to give back to them even though I'm not financially stable yet
I just feel really depressed all the time, I feel like my life has no meaning
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
alcoholism
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
My finance is working out of the country till 2022 and I am left here by myself until he gets home. I have no friends and no one to talk to.
It is finals week and i have a lot to do. I have been having bad dreams about my grades and future.
Covid 19 stress with the added stress of the holduas
trying to find a job with good hours
I was laid off from my job
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
my club is giving me a fuck headache, I cannot do without Arsenal but they are fucking up on a big time
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
I keep having dreams that I've forgotten to go to one of my classes and I won't graduate on time.
I have to find a higher paying job but it has been a while since I worked full time.
not communicative all of a sudden, not wanting to speak over phone too
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I got a bad grade on a paper
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years.
My 25 year old son moved back home from NYC last March due to Covid. My boyfriend and I own the home together. My son due to losing his job has gone back to school online. The problem is that my son is so moody and disagreeable that my boyfriend is ready to move out and break up. We have lived together for 3 years.
I am depressed about Covid and being restricted from going places.
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
I am depressed about Covid and being restricted from going places.
I've just been feeling tired and sad lately especially with everything that's going on
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
I am depressed staying home due to COVID
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
I just got my job and I heard they have to let people go because business is slow.
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. I WANT TO ACHEIVE SOMETHING IN MY LIFE. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS AND ALSO I THINK ABOUT IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. SO THIS MAKES ME DEPRESSED PERSON AND EVEN I CAN'T TALK WITH MY FRIENDS WELL
One of my classes is extremely difficult and my professor is not responsive.
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
breakup with partner
finals
I have to find a higher paying job but it has been a while since I worked full time.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
I don't think my current job is right for me. I have been doing it for 7 years and it's all I know. I don't know what to do for the best.
My son has moved back from NYC and does not like my boyfriend.
I am very depressed and i dont know what to do
I have not been able to find a job
I did not study and did poorly on a test.
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
lost job went to prison
I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of days ago
I am sad about finding out my boyfriend broke up with me because he saw where I came from .
My boyfriend stepped out on me, slept with my friend and still tried to emotionally blackmail me on it
I am drinkin beers almost every day
I'm fearful of where I'll be living in the future.
I feel very distant with my girlfriend, we haven't spoke in a few days and feels weird when we do.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
i feel as though i could do better academically. i kept telling myself - if i could only write better then i could get better grades.
company is closing soon. I am super stressed out about what I am going to do.
I have a friend who is struggling with alcoholism. They try to quit and then end up going back.
I suffer from chronic depression and stress due to a number of factors. Currently, life is very overwhelming with medical issues plaguing myself, my husband and our two children. I can't catch a break and I'm feeling overwhelmed.
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
My partner broke up with me and I'm really upset about this we've been together for 4 years and all of a sudden they decided that they didn't want to continue the relationship
Have been mostly unemployed since release from prison. This has effected my self impression.
Staying home with my children instead of going to work is making me anxious.
Jobs are competitive
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
I feel depressed about being lonely and sad.
my friend played a stupid prank that revealed my secret that i told him in private
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
I'm fearful of where I'll be living in the future.
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
school keeps dragging on and it's getting very tough to continue
I need to make more money right now to support myself, But I love my job and I am scared to leave it. And start over.
I can't seem to find a job that I find satisfying and feel like working for a big company just isn't for me but it's all I know.
My partners and I are not on the same terms. Need some emotional support.
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
I just got my job and I heard they have to let people go because business is slow.
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
No money to celebrate christiamass
I work in the night. I have to sleep in the day. This is for throughout the year. I strive for sound sleeping. I become depressed of insufficient sleeping.
My project ends soon and I will need to find other employment. I am worried that doesn't to Covid I will not be able to find work.
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
I did a very disgusting thing, I dated online without know, who is she, she tricked me with her naked pictures and I fell into her hand by sent 4000 dollar to her
I am angry because I think my husband is controlling but he says I dont understand what controlling is
A coworker feels that I am discriminating against her because I give corrective feedback on procedures she is doing wrong. There have been numerous occasions of her wrongdoing.
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
My ex partner is harassing me and will not stop talking to my friends and family.
Trying to get my own small crafting business off the ground.
I have just lost my job, and am experiencing depression, as a result of financial worry.
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
i lost job in covid ,i lost my home due to unpaid of mortgage ..full in stress how to pay homeloans and how to get new job in this covid situations
My industry has been shut down since March due to covid-19 and I've been struggling to find work that is safe for me to do (I have asthma and a blood disorder that compromises my immune system), haven't had any success with unemployment and really just very stressed about money.
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
I am having lot of stress due to my upcoming exams.
I am suffering from health anxiety and staying home and aftiad of going out
Daily, normal activites of life are hard for me to be motivated to do or to complete them at all due to my depression. I feel ashamed that I am not like other people who can complete things like hygiene care without a struggle.
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
feel alone. have no one to talk to about things. feel depressed,sad,hopeless. on top of feeling depressed i am also stressed out about my finances
I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
I am depressed because my girlfriend is thinking about leaving me.
Friends that I used to trust and they broke up the trust.
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
My boyfriend broke up with me, but we live together and have roommates. Now he is turning the roommates against me.
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
I just woke up and felt sad and I cannot shake the feeling and I just want to cry and never leave bed
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
I broke up with my ex partner and found out they cheated on me
I'm in depression because i lost my job
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
Not being able to visit parents for Thanksgiving because of Covid.
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
Due to this pandemic, I am worry for my future. Especially my job stability.
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
Its not even a break up, my girlfriend wants space after 5 years, she wants to rent a room on her own without me, and it feels over.
I found out my boyfriend went to see his ex and I don't know if I should break up with him or not.
academic pressure
I messed up, my girl friend got pregnant two months to my wedding with my fiancée wedding
I am sad all the time, and I always have been sad.
My company fired 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I am going to be in the next round.
I lost my job due to Covid 19 and I can't find a new one. I'm scared!
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
freind is a drunk and nobody told her besides me now she is mad at me
I have a final exam coming up and I am really worried about how I will perform.
I wanted to start having sex with other women from the Internet and my wife would not allow it.
I'm worried about being perfect on my job.
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
Fear of losing my job
Well we are at different places in our lives. My partner wants to leave to go to another state to be with her cousin. I want to stay around the family we have here already.
My current position will be eliminated within 6 months. I am very anxious and concerned that I will likely not find another position at mu current salary level.
covid no work
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
I have a very good friend whom I have noticed does not tell me the truth , she cherry picks what she wants to tell me. I have also noticed that she doesn't call me unless I call. What got me so upset what was she did the last time I called her. She got me off the phone in a matter of seconds saying that she will call back , but never did. I felt so dejected and promised never to call her back again.
JUST LOST A FRIEND , A VERY CLOSE TIGHT FRIEND THAT WAS ALWAYS THERE FOR ME
Lost my job in the lockdown
I have been struggling since I lost my job. I have been on the lookout for a new job, tried doing menial jobs just to get by, but nothing seems to be available.
I recently found out that my best friend has lied to me about her whole life, and when I invited to my home she finally told me the truth after staying for a month ad we were fighting for the entire month she stayed.
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
getting new year present for my parent
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I see a text message from my ex-wife's phone that states "you look sexier now that you did this morning." I was the major sign that my marriage was in trouble and why would my wife cheat on me.
I left my home due to income reduction, and live with sibling.
My company fired 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I am going to be in the next round.
academic stress
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
I have/had a friend who now lives on the opposite coast from me. After 15 years out of touch, we recently reconnected, and we chat by text, and met up a couple times. But now he's demanding an apology that I don't owe him.
Nervous about a test in the future because I do not know if I am learning well enough because of lack of in-person teaching.
I hate my job but I am scared to quit and seek a new career.
Not sure if I should go back to school during covid. IT would be remote so physically there is no danger.
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
I am having lot of stress due to my upcoming exams.
lot of problems in my working climate.my supervisor is very strict and angry man. any problem create in lot of issues in work place.
My parents are always telling me I should be disciplining my children differently. Things are different than when they raised us.
Depressed due to a breakup
It the COVID that i lost my hope on building up my carrier in time.
Christmas is coming up and I've been having a terrible time finding a job.
Due to this pandemic, I am worry for my future. Especially my job stability.
Remote working is unfavorable
I have had trouble all my life with depression, but this pandemic seems to be making it worse
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
I have been feeling kinda down lately since my pet died. I miss her so much.
I have a lot of academic pressure from my program and I'm not receiving any help from my advisors.
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
Girlfriend dumped me for someone else!
some many people losing jobs due to covid
I was in a complicated relationship with a girl I really loved. She told me she needed space and did not want to talk much then 3 days later she told me that we were done. This came out of nowhere and was shocking. It left me very sad and depressed.
Basically the loneliness of the season and being forced to seclude because of the virus.
I am in a deep depression, have no friends or family to talk to. I also started drinking
I just got layed off.
I lost my job.
My friend has started to get into political conversations on Facebook and I think he is embarrassing himself. He's spouting all these talking points without ever showing any interest in them before!
Trying to complete my senior year
trying to find a job with good hours
I am worried with my recent trend of drinking. Have tried to control the habit but it is getting worse due to intense cravings
I'm mad at my boyfriend for not taking responsibility.
I can't stand him!!!
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
My boyfriend recently broke up with me out of the blue. I am feeling very alone, sad and depressed.
My new supervisor hates me. She already hated me before she was my boss. In addition to being a terrible manager, she has made a personal goal to inhibit my ability to do my job. She has taken from me all parts of my job that I value. This upsets me personally and I am sad & angry that the rest of my team, who I care about, is no longer supported. We have no recourse to solve this problem.
I wanted to start having sex with other women from the Internet and my wife would not allow it.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
I am very nervous about my fianl paper.
lots of problems happening in my life so many family issues
My company is going through a restructure and i am worried about my job
I have been self-isolating since March which has made my chronic depression worse than ever. I live alone and have not touched another human being in all that time.
Cheated on my girlfriend and she's found out and gone of with another man. I'm absolutely distraught.
During the past 2.5 years I have been sober, my mentor along the way turned into my very best friend and now the love of my life...but I am married, and so is she...and I have absolutely no one i can talk to now about this.
I came off of my anti depressants and regret the decision.
Catching up with academic deadlines
My manager does not respect COVID guidelines or protect my safety.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
I don't love my partner any more and I don't know what to do for the best as she really loves me but it's not working.
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
My best friend flirted with my wife and asked if she wants to have sex with her.
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
My mother told me that she hurt her knee and can not work.
daily stresses
I am alone and have no friends.
pandemic and family stress
A few things happened in my office that on and off stressed me out, including an odd pay period and a hostile coworker.
I studied really hard and failed my math test, i even got a tutor. worst day ever.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for my job.
I'm worried about covid and my mom. she is high-risk. Im afraid she may get the virus.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
i have discontinued my studies due to financial problems. i feel like i am depressed lately.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
In my youthful exuberance for entertainment, I had ditched study plans with my high school friend while we were in college to go play video games with some of my new college friends. After this event, I lost my high school friends
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
Feeling depressed due to COVI, looking for change.
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
I just don't really feel enthused about anything right now. I feel like I can't make any future plans, and that I don't have anything to look forward to.
I was in a relationship with the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen or been with. We have been dating for about 3 years and I was planning on spending the rest of my life with her. But I eventually lost her and everything all in a matter of months.
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
Its really sad that with todays COVID crisis we are no longer able to enjoy daily normal life. We are not able to mingle and meet our family and friends. We are stuck in our homes during this unprecedented time.
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
Covid isolation has brought me down; i am used to socializing and traveling. i live alone, so my options are limited
My husband and I are having a hard time communicating.
I just don't really feel enthused about anything right now. I feel like I can't make any future plans, and that I don't have anything to look forward to.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
bad experiences with others
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
breakup with partner
I'm worried that my career is not developing and I have no growth
my best friend became phys-co and torturing all his friends by blackmailing all photos with him.he started with me also i got so much fear and issues
Had a fight with friend.
I always make my goals ealry and every so often before an breakthrough I make the best cut I can get. I want to make myself less suscepatable to self sabotage and intrusions.
My roommate says she wants me to move out.
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
There is an event that happened about 5 years ago that I think started this emotion for me.It is ongoing and has affected all parts of my life.
I am worried about losing my job due to COVID
My girlfriend of ten years run away on our wedding day
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
My ex partner is harassing me and will not stop talking to my friends and family.
Cause of the covid, I have problems with study and communication. I have problem in my University, also problems how to communicate with people after 1 year, of lockdown.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
its hard for me to find a job
i don't understand the course
covid no work
I have a problem with a job. I can't find the job for a long time. When the covid started most of the jobs was closed. As I dont have any higher education, it's hard to find a real one with a good salary. But as all jobs, like waiters, adn so on still closed, it get me the depression.
I was laid off from work during the covi-19 period at a time when i least expected it and i wasthen finacially doen since i had spent a great portion of the money i had to settle bills and was planning to take an advance salary only to be informed i was stopped from working for an unknown period
i couldnt sleep because my neighbors were partying and playing loud music
I am falling in love with a friend who doesn't return any feelings like this.
I am having a hard time at work, my workload is too big and it's making me very stressed and anxious. I can't keep up with the amount of work I'm being asked to do.
I am extremely stressed with work and am very unhappy.
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
My friends left me after fighting amongst themselves.
A friend keeps talking lies
I have anxiety to leave my families,
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
My girlfriend and I broke up due to all the fights we were having. It was mutual but it was still sad. I felt as if my life had ended and everything was in black and white. I was sad for a year afterwards.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
Basically the loneliness of the season and being forced to seclude because of the virus.
I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore
I'm in the depression because of todays market situation
Friends keep calling my face ugly
I fear my depression is getting worse. This pandemic is taking a toll on me.
I studied really hard and failed my math test, i even got a tutor. worst day ever.
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
The holiday season has me down
My partner broke up with me. He cheated on me.
I have anxiety to leave my families,
For a long time I have struggled with depression
Quit job due to stress. Trying to find a good job that is remote and not soul numbing has been hard. I just want to be a stay at home person. I have anxiety about job search.
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
I am overwhelmed with housework and I’m ashamed of the house
no money and cant find work
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
My girlfriend of ten years run away on our wedding day
My friend decided to leave her husband to pursue a woman and I don't support her.
I had an argument with my parents over my girlfriend.
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
I have a lot of academic pressure from my program and I'm not receiving any help from my advisors.
Looking in the mirror I know I’m fine enough to go out in public. But I still feel horrible about what I see. And I know it’s never going to be good enough.
I lost my job, my car was just repossessed and my bills are all behind.
I'm addicted to marijuana and cannot stop consuming it on a daily basis.
I think I need to break up with my girlfriend because my feelings have changed
My mother recently passed, a month ago due to being an alcoholic for many years.
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
I'm feeling down and anxious about getting older because I've lost my parents and I'm worried about loosing my aunts.
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
Iam facing a lot of academic pressure to coplete the degree on time..
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
I've always struggled with depression. I just feel hopeless.
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
My boyfriend recently broke up with me out of the blue. I am feeling very alone, sad and depressed.
I was currently offered a job promotion to become a supervisor. I've been with the company for over 3 years. My supervisor was only requested for me to bring in my 12th grade transcripts, and that's something I'm not able to get my hands on. So with that being said I will have to stay an agent,
breakup with lover
I have trouble sleeping during the night because my son is allergic to something in the house and it keeps me up during the night because he is constantly sneezing and blowing his nose.
I am separated from my wife and in the middle of a PhD program and am using alcohol to numb the pain.
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
My company just laid off 5%. I fear I will be next. Anxiety is at all time highs.
academic pressure
I am getting ready to sue my mother for not believing my step dad raped me.
I broke up with my girlfriend and sad about it
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
i'm very sad because my friend doesn't want to talk with me
I cheated on my boyfriend and I don't want to tell him. I feel really bad because he is a great person.
My pet died last week and I also failed my exam
My boss recently left the company and I am not getting the information from her boss that I need. It is worrisome.
Worried about my parent's reaction to my exam grades
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
facing a breakup with the partner..
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
I am really good at self-isolating. I am in a new area and do not really have any friends nor really have the want from most people. Though I do feel lonely at times.
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
I'm sad a lot because I don't like the life I live.
I was really depressed for a really long time as I couldn't find a job whilst I was in college and this really effected me
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
I need to leave my job as I do not make enough money, however I love my job and hate to leave.
I am worried about a friend. Since lockdown they have not been in contact and whenever I try to get in touch with them they rarely respond.
I had a stable job that the income can support my living and my family's living until Pandemic hit. The company starts to lay off people including me. I had no other experience and it was difficult to find the job outside as the restriction and shut down effect the ability to go outside.
my friend was fight with me because that he thinks that i have relationship with his girlfriend
breakup with partner
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
I have a very good friend whom I have noticed does not tell me the truth , she cherry picks what she wants to tell me. I have also noticed that she doesn't call me unless I call. What got me so upset what was she did the last time I called her. She got me off the phone in a matter of seconds saying that she will call back , but never did. I felt so dejected and promised never to call her back again.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
I've been so blessed to have such a great job but thanks to Corona, my works has come to a screeching halt. I'm so anxious because I don't know when my next check will be or for how much. The pressure and stress is almost too much.
Some former friends of mine have remained friends with a person who abused me and stood up for them in court.
stree leads to depression
I studied really hard and failed my math test, i even got a tutor. worst day ever.
My partner says that I have to move out. I have been trying to find a place to live, but it is difficult.
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
I have been in a depression since my father died last year. We have had to sell our home and move to a much smaller place due to losing his income. I am older but lived with my parents to help them because they are both ill. it has been an ongoing struggle
I am severely stressed about my college course and my grades during the pandemic.
My mind is consumed by depression
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
I see a text message from my ex-wife's phone that states "you look sexier now that you did this morning." I was the major sign that my marriage was in trouble and why would my wife cheat on me.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
I had my heart set on a Veterinary Technology program at a particular school and I just found out that I won't be able to apply in time. I feel like I have to reassess my future plans.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
My friend is a lier and a cheater. I know it.
I have been dating this guy for 3 years and I'm tired of where our relationship is at the moment . I had expected him to propose long before now and since he hasn't I have chosen to call it quits as I'm no longer getting young and so afraid of wasting time with him.
i cant do well in school and they mock me
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
I am overwhelmed with housework and I’m ashamed of the house
I am sad about finding out my boyfriend broke up with me because he saw where I came from .
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
daily stresses
I am 50 and returning to school because I am out of work. I am, having a very tough time.
My parents are making me going into a career path that I don't like.
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
Struggling to find work
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
I've been struggling to motivate myself generally, and no longer feel pleasure in the things I do on a daily basis.
My boyfriend broke up with me in a facebook story. He won't tell me why. He won't return my calls or answer my messages. I think it is because I posted something (innocent) that made him jealous. But he is being so cruel. He posts many sad songs to make it seem like he is so hurt by me, but he won't even speak with me. I can't eat or sleep. I'm losing my mind.
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
trying to find a job with good hours
I'm in depression because my exam is near and i can't finish my studies
My caught my girlfriend cheating with a man of 50 years of age
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I had a nasty breakup with my boyfriend. He stepped out on me and lied to my face.
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
I'm so scared my job will fire me when they find out about my alcohol abuse
We were engaged, and now all of a sudden we are not.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
I have lost my job as a result of covid. I'm very scared as to how I will provide for my family.
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
effects of the pandemic
I do not know how to move on, nothing makes me happy
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
I have a big paper due on Monday and I haven't started it yet. It is 50 pages long.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
I am in the middle of job hunting but it has been very difficult to find one during the pandemic. This really upsets me.
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about finding a new one.
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
there will be layoff to me
My husband and I constantly argue about discipline of our kids.
My friend has a girlfriend who is a real bitch. I can't stand how she treats me and others. I wish that my friend would dump her.
Have been stuck at home due to illness and am growing tired of it.
I have this overwhelming fear and pressure that my mother will not be accepting of my grades in school. This pressure has caused me to feel anxiety everyday and perfect all homework assignments which I do not have time for.
just can not get out of a bad mood
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
I have a horrible professor that has not adapted to technology well for COVID. There is one week left and he just assigned a major lab to do at home out of nowhere.He's also horrible at communicating.
Ilost my home when my partner died. He had changed the will and I didn't know.
Trying to find a job
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
After breakup with partners I have a fear to meet with my friends
I recently faced a breakup with my partner..
I need to get straight A's to get into graduate school.
I have to give up my parrot because I am now blind and have to move. I cant take teh parrot with me.
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
Not really succeeding in college
i worry that they will never stop pressuring me to go back to work. even though i have a disability that keeps me from doing that. the thought of talking about it makes me feel major anxiety
Not really succeeding in college
I feel very bad to work on remotely. It sucks me and i cant anage the work life balance on this covid pandamic. It really hard to manage my time with my family and they expect more from us hence we are in work from home.
I cannot paint at art school
once am in love with someone but he left me alone as nothing happend
my boss does not care about my and there is no guidance complete ignorance due to the fact that I am a female in a male domain
During the past 2.5 years I have been sober, my mentor along the way turned into my very best friend and now the love of my life...but I am married, and so is she...and I have absolutely no one i can talk to now about this.
Time of the year when family is not around
I don't have enough money to pay bills. I am so scared. I need help.
My boyfriend broke up with me because he didn't want a relationship with someone who had kids.
my partner broke up with me. i have no idea how am going to handle it.
i worry that they will never stop pressuring me to go back to work. even though i have a disability that keeps me from doing that. the thought of talking about it makes me feel major anxiety
I've made an accident at work in warehouse and didn't report it
Since covid I havent been doing as well in school. I'm very upset and ashamed at my self
I am alone and have no friends.
I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore
I have suffered from depression for twenty years and despair of every getting any better.
I have anxiety to leave my families,
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
I am extremely bored and under stimulated without being in school or working.
My turning another year older and still have nothing to show for my life, no friends or career. I'm undiagnosed autistic with mental health issues and I'm very alone and unsupported
I have broken up with my partner of two years, she is amazing but I ended it as I thought my feelings had changed. I broke her heart but now I think I want her back but in afraid she might have moved on.
My friend has a girlfriend who is a real bitch. I can't stand how she treats me and others. I wish that my friend would dump her.
I miss my friends.
Currently going through a divorce because wife is cheating. We just got married earlier this year. I'm hurt and broken that she just switched me off.
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
My manager has decided that everyone will continue to work from home nearly 100% of the time after the pandemic is under control. (Prior to the pandemic, most of us only had one work-from-home day a week.) I really love the work I do, but I've been experiencing depression this past year largely due to my lack of human contact throughout the work day.
Constant pain from back problems.
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
I broke up with my partner.
My friend has started to get into political conversations on Facebook and I think he is embarrassing himself. He's spouting all these talking points without ever showing any interest in them before!
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
I just woke up and felt sad and I cannot shake the feeling and I just want to cry and never leave bed
I just have no energy and feel helpless about current events.
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
i am currently suffering from my recent miscarriage of my baby . In this winter i lost my baby in car itself while going to medical shop.Without doctor or any medical help i lost my baby in lot of bleeding.It leads to lot of depression
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
just everyday life
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
For the last few weeks everything is an effort. I just can't get motivated. Why clean the house it will just get messed up again and no one else cares. I feel bad for my dog I don't even take him for walks anymore. Things that usually cheer me up or make me happy just seem pointless. No matter how hard I try I get nowhere. I just want to sleep until these feelings go away if they ever do
I'm fearful of where I'll be living in the future.
My ex-boyfriend and I decided to split after 6 years and we are also deciding who will be moving from our shared apartment.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
COVID-19 has changed the way we learn and the last year has been really difficult. I don't feel as connected in my classes and I plan to apply to grad school. I don't know how this will affect me as I begin to think about programs to apply to next year.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
I am falling in love with a friend who doesn't return any feelings like this.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
I am breaking up with my spouse
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
just always feel this way
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
My boyfriend just told me that he wants to break up because he doesn't see a future because he never wants to get married but I do.
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
I was in the store and there were two other women. They were whispering to each other and looking at me. I could hear a couple words and they were making fun of my hair and the way I dress. People just don't accept me. It's hard to feel so different.
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
Hello. My baby of 11 years had passed away last week. This would be my pomeranian and I am devastated. I am fearful now of getting another puppy during Corona.
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
The fact that my job does not take my health seriously
I have been out of work and my father passed now we have to move to a smaller house and I am my mothers care giver
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
I have caught my BF cheating on me with his best friend that he told me not to worry about
I am worried about losing my job due to COVID
My partner recently died due to cancer. Shortly after that my 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the brain stem. Both of my sons and their families live overseas in Japan and South Korea. I get sad just with a feeling of being overwhelmed and missing my family.
I breakup with my girlfriend because she cheated me
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
I am worried I do not play the politics game well enough for the growth I want.
I feel like I am never going to be good enough to make it on my own. I'm struggling with finding a job right now, paying for anything for myself, and taking care of my teenage son who's driving me nuts as he's doing school from home. I really feel like I'm in a pit that I'll never get out of.
I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
I cheated on my boyfriend and I don't want to tell him. I feel really bad because he is a great person.
My son had heart surgery this year and is in the midst of being diagnosed with CP. I work with a lot of people and am terrified I could catch COVID and it will kill him.
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
I'm worried about being perfect on my job.
my friends refuse to take the pandemic seriously
I was pulled off of a project I had been on for 6 months. Last week I was transferred to a new team and all of the hard work I had put in for 6 months was given to another engineer to finish. The reason I was given was that my skills would be better used on this other team because they were behind on their project.
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
I feel like my friends are trying to avoid me.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
My ex-boyfriend and I decided to split after 6 years and we are also deciding who will be moving from our shared apartment.
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
Constant pain from back problems.
I feel really down and upset lately, more than ever, during this pandemic.
my fiance and I broke up last week
My son is a recovering meth addict and has relapsed again. After two weeks of using he admitted himself back into rehab as he as done many times in the past without a lot of success. I am afraid it will be the same this time, that he will get out of rehab and then start using again.
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
My three years relationship ended last week , he betrayed me he had another affair , we discussed and break up . He misused my credit card he took my all money. he spreading fake news about me in social media.
I had my heart set on a Veterinary Technology program at a particular school and I just found out that I won't be able to apply in time. I feel like I have to reassess my future plans.
I don't know if I should continue with school right now and I am having a hard time making the decision.
i and this lady went on a date last week, we were both in love and so i asked her out on our first date.... she told me yes the next day slept over at her place and we had sex... after a week she started behaving strange.. by the time i called her so we could talk she said she doesn't love me anymore
I have to pass my test to pass the course. I'm am crazy nervous and can't sleep.
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
I broke up with my partner.
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
My mom is stuck in Mexico and I hate she keeps asking me for money.
My Father passed away last year I have been caring for my Mother because we lost his income we know have to move and I have been out of work. Also we are both covid high risk
covid
i had a break up with my partner.in this suitation i was very depressed and i faced lot of stress.
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
lose job
i caught my boyfriend cheating with a friend
I've been really struggling lately with how much everything has changed during the pandemic. the holidays don't feel the same
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
School work piling up, lots of projects and pressure on time issues. Wanted to escape but can't.
There is an event that happened about 5 years ago that I think started this emotion for me.It is ongoing and has affected all parts of my life.
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
i was furloughed
can't find a job/path in life
I feel like my friends are trying to avoid me.
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
COVID-19. has me needing people more.
The current economic downturn has me worried for the future.
I just feel like every one hates me and no one really wants to be my friend. It feels like when someone is nice to me they are just doing it as a favor and they don’t really like me or care about me
lose job
the current pandemic
I was used as a rebound for someone that I thought I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.
covid no work
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
I had five finals to complete and there wasn't much time to study for them. So, I was afraid I'd fail all of them.
Since I have to practice social distancing and isolate with the pandemic, I have been feeling more depressed. I miss hanging out with my friends and family.
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
Remote working is unfavorable
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
My girlfriend and I broke up and I've felt terrible ever since.
My friend questioned our friendship when I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. She blocked my number when I expressed how upset I feel about what she said.
My friend thinks I put her second ever since I had children and she no longer wants to continue our 13 year friendship
i c ant beleive how some of my friends voted
Remote working is unfavorable
My husband and I are having a hard time communicating.
My curly hair is so unruly
I am retired, but really need to go back to work to earn some extra money. My problem is that it is very difficult physically for me to wear a mask for longer than a few moments. In this time of COVID, I have no choice in the matter. It is causing me anxiety because I need the income.
I had a situation which is actually forced me to break up with my partner. It gives me pain. However I strongly believed that my partner would feel about this. But he just took it easy. This hurts me a lot.
My set of friends with include 6 close women are falling apart because of not communicating often and not being physically close to one another. It is really weird how being apart from one another can really change strong relationships. I am still close with everyone but I can not say the same about everyone else. We have all known each other for 25 years and it makes me sad and anxious that when we come out corona it won't be the same. Specifically, two of my besties are arguing with each other over a piece of sensitive gossip that was shared outside our group. Someone feels betrayed and I want to help them both without taking sides.
I feel anxious all the time about covid and trying to make money.
Time of the year when family is not around
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
I am depressed about Covid and being restricted from going places.
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
getting new year present for my parent
my friend has a new friend
some many people losing jobs due to covid
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
How can I cope with losing my boyfriend to another woman?
I can not hang out with my friends due to COVID-19. I miss them a lot but they are high risk.
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
its just a general depression that i can't seem to shake. being put on the bench at my job continuously makes me feel not good at anything.
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
I was pulled off of a project I had been on for 6 months. Last week I was transferred to a new team and all of the hard work I had put in for 6 months was given to another engineer to finish. The reason I was given was that my skills would be better used on this other team because they were behind on their project.
Depression about pandemic
i am very stressed at work so i have started to look for a new job but can't find anything
I recently split up with my boyfriend and I am regretting it.
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
My school is extremely rigorous and I'm experiencing difficulty with anxiety
I have a final exam coming up and I am really worried about how I will perform.
Moved to a new location and haven't met any new friends and now with Covid it is impossible.
struggling with my demons
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I thought I was going to marry my girlfriend but then she ended up cheating on me. It broke my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust a girl again.
I am worried about my grades after I reviewed a low pass in my Geology class this semester. I plan to apply to law school after I graduate and worry about how this will impact that.
My ex-boyfriend broke up with me because I was too jealous and I didn't trust him
I got fired from my job during the pandemic, I don't know if I'll be able to find another job.
covid no work
I have finals coming up and I am afraid I an not smart enough to pass
I have a horrible professor that has not adapted to technology well for COVID. There is one week left and he just assigned a major lab to do at home out of nowhere.He's also horrible at communicating.
I cannot paint at art school
My friend is a lier and a cheater. I know it.
Unable to care for myself while my wife is dealing with medical issues.
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
i keep feeling as though i'm not doing well. i have a job but i don't seem to be very good at it and i don't want to lose it. i am fearful that i will
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
my age (66), uselessness,fear of death
I wanted to start having sex with other women from the Internet and my wife would not allow it.
I have finals coming up soon and I also have a lot of other stuff going on in my life and I am very stressed.
My current position will be eliminated within 6 months. I am very anxious and concerned that I will likely not find another position at mu current salary level.
just always feel this way
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
Recently divorced my husband of eight years after finding out he married another women overseas.
I'm so sad all the time.
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
my boyfriend keeps leaving and staying gone, leaving m here with our 1 year old daughter, who is taking it pretty bad, he will sometimes stay gone for 3 days and then comes home and act like everything is okay, says he is sorry and that he wont do it again, stays home for a few days and then does the same thing again, like it doesn't even bother hi that our kid is loosing seep, not eating like she should, and crying for him all hours of the night!
Loss of job and the pandemic
i have depression because recently i lost my job
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
This Covid-19 issue majorly attack my financial state totally. my job is out my dad is dead because of covid-19. Its very very depression to me.
my friends call me a weirdo ,i usually keep to myself a lot ,i hardly mingle or relate with my friends which gets them pissed off a lot of time. i get worried about that often
I did a very disgusting thing, I dated online without know, who is she, she tricked me with her naked pictures and I fell into her hand by sent 4000 dollar to her
I am so stressed and nervous about my hours being cut further due to the pandemic. I tried applying for another job since January and I have not received any responses. I am worried that I will not be able to pay my debts and bills at this rate.
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
My close friend committed a mistake. I truly informed her and argued to rectify the mistake. But she opposed and tried to avoid me and she scolded me more. Moreover she told all our friends that I am doing jealously and it was irritating her. This event make me very depressed.
Don't feel qualified for job I am applying for.
I am very depressed and despondent because my boyfriend broke up with me and it was right before the wedding. I am close to his family but they won't speak to me know. I am lost without him.
A friend keeps talking lies
I recently broke up with my partner. We have been dating for over 3 years. During this time with COVID and the election, I don't want to be alone. I feel lost.
I am really good at self-isolating. I am in a new area and do not really have any friends nor really have the want from most people. Though I do feel lonely at times.
need to declutter my house and dont know where to start
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
my friend betrayed because she thought i wanted to snatch her boyfriend from her.
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
I really like this man. He was attractive and spoiled me. I thought it was going to work out. Then I found out from another friend he found another woman to have sex with. It hurt me a lot!
I have a horrible professor that has not adapted to technology well for COVID. There is one week left and he just assigned a major lab to do at home out of nowhere.He's also horrible at communicating.
i was talking with another my partner have seen that incident
I thought I was going to marry my girlfriend but then she ended up cheating on me. It broke my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust a girl again.
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
My school was closed without warning because of the pandemic.
My partner broke up with me. He cheated on me.
My project ends soon and I will need to find other employment. I am worried that doesn't to Covid I will not be able to find work.
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
My husband keeps putting me down and calling me names
I am trying to complete my Master's degree while having to help my children learn virtually because of the pandemic. Managing my time has not been easy.
My friends are going out to the bar without me tonight.
My manager has decided that everyone will continue to work from home nearly 100% of the time after the pandemic is under control. (Prior to the pandemic, most of us only had one work-from-home day a week.) I really love the work I do, but I've been experiencing depression this past year largely due to my lack of human contact throughout the work day.
there's no hope, i am struggling with the pandemic and loneliness
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
I have recently broke up with my girlfriend which has caused me great sadness
I am having a hard time sleeping due to being nervous about the future
I just lost my job of seven years and am anxious about finding a new one during the holidays in a pandemic.
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
daily stresses
i have just cheated on my girlfriend.i feel very guilty about it
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
when i met myb coworkers in job and they have not done has we had agreed , i get bored and irritated the whole day with negative mood due to the dissapointment they did not met the requirements we had set to attain by set date aside
I am unemployed right now and its hard for me to find a job where I can earn enough to support my family
i couldnt sleep because my neighbors were partying and playing loud music
No money to celebrate christiamass
Trying to find a job
My sister-in-law is a horrible person, and she's harrassing me for jewelery from my mom, who just died.
covid depression
I keep procrastinating cleaning, doing crafts, etc, stuff that I want to do and to get done, but that I seem to be unmotivated to do. It's frustrating.
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
My mother told me that she hurt her knee and can not work.
A few days ago I fell walking down some stairs and chipped my two front teeth and also broke my foot. I need to get surgery on my foot, and get my teeth fixed at the dentist with a couple crowns.
i lost job in covid ,i lost my home due to unpaid of mortgage ..full in stress how to pay homeloans and how to get new job in this covid situations
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
I love my friends. But sometimes I feel as if I can't really be myself around them without being judged for doing something. I've known them for quite a long time now. I don't know if i am just being sensitive or what, but I feel like I'm the one that gets bullied in the friend group.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
I don't feel respected at work. I've put in many years and I think I've done a really good job. I think I've always gone above and beyond what's required of me. But my annual evaluations always come back as just meets expectations. Recently found out my boss is hiring a new person to train to take over his position when he retires. A bit upset that I wasn't considered. Would like to find a new job but the job market in general right now isn't very good.
Recently left a job due to COVID-19 virus concerns. Everyone there was amazing but I was concerned about virus risk.
Ive been trying to get with some of friends to hang out maybe just for a couple hours just to catch up. But no-one seems like they want to be bothered due to covid. But the other day I called this particularly person and she said that they were all out having lunch, So why wasn't I included?
Constant pain from back problems.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
I have been overloaded with school work recently. I failed my first exam earlier this week and I am stressed and anxious about my exams later in the week.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
I'm sad a lot because I don't like the life I live.
I have developed "cabin fever". not being able to go out and do something has put me in depression.
About to take a licensure exam for my field. I get 1 try a year to pass at a 90% rate. I deal with a lot of test anxiety and the current COVID-19 crisis has amplified my worries. How can I put myself at ease in the testing center and ace this exam?
I have to pass my test to pass the course. I'm am crazy nervous and can't sleep.
I became a single mother last year and am battling with postpartum depression. I thought I would enjoy being a mother more. But I am unhappy.
I have been trying to get motivated to write a book to help others.
Just can't shake my sadness
I will be losing my job in january. I am very fearful about finding a new one.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I lost my job 8 months ago and I haven't been able to find anything. So as a result I have felt very depressed because my life has lost all sense of structure.
My set of friends with include 6 close women are falling apart because of not communicating often and not being physically close to one another. It is really weird how being apart from one another can really change strong relationships. I am still close with everyone but I can not say the same about everyone else. We have all known each other for 25 years and it makes me sad and anxious that when we come out corona it won't be the same. Specifically, two of my besties are arguing with each other over a piece of sensitive gossip that was shared outside our group. Someone feels betrayed and I want to help them both without taking sides.
alcoholism
I was raped by my first boyfriend when I was thirteen years old.
Losing Job
I just feel very alone at work lately. I don’t feel like anyone at work really likes me and no one ever really talks to me or invites me to hang out with them anymore.
when i lost my job and i was at home for long time due to no job i felt very shame on me and eat lot and gained much weight so i felt so lonely and no job no body structure no boy friend .i am literally nothing
No money to celebrate christiamass
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
I only have two weeks left to make major revisions to my scientific paper that was recently submitted to a journal. I am freaking out.
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
I am depressed as I feel I am not good enough or doing enough in life.
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
I am currently studying for an exam that I need to do for work.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
Husband left me for someone else.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
I keep failing my classes and cannot seem to catch up
my kids wont listen to me
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
trapped in a house with my brother which i can not afford to get out of.
He cheated on me and left me alone. He neglected me and stop putting the effort into our relatioship. I wish I left sooner
I went and spent so much money on xmas gifts and now I don't know how I can pay the credit cards off
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
I have so much credit card debt and don't know how I am going to pay it off
My friends suck at being friends. They use me, ignore me, and i'm only a benefit for them.
I failed a test. I fear that I might not be good enough to succeed in college.
Near failing a class that will pretty much depend my future career
due to the corona virus we are all on reduced hours
I studied really hard and failed my math test, i even got a tutor. worst day ever.
My partner left me after 7 years and broke up with me over text.
Life in general has been hard for me and my husband has been really sick for weeks now.
Moved to a new location and haven't met any new friends and now with Covid it is impossible.
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
I have suffered from depression for twenty years and despair of every getting any better.
I lost friend as she does not reach out to me anymore and wonder why.
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
I'm planning to divorce my husband and I'm anxious about how it will go because he controls the money and we have children.
My girl has decided that Brad from accounting is someone that she has secretly wanted for a long time. And now that he is divorced, she is breaking up with me to get with him.
I am very depressed and i dont know what to do
My friends will not hangout with me because I will not get the Covid 19 vaccine
I am sad about not having family near me. I am in a town all alone.
My youngest sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her two children.
We've been together for a long time and he decided to call it quits.
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
bad experiences with others
academic stress
My job contract is ending in another month but I was informed that I would be let go and the contract would not be renewed. I am very anxious
It is not well to do better information for gather with my friends and they irritated me.
I can't seem to make any friends - always left on my own and no-one to talk to
I think I am going to fail my. class. I need a high grade on my final in order to pass the class.
I work for a delivery company and this client accuse saying that I did not delivered his order
I have been feeling lost and directionless and I feel like I'm a waste of time and space. I don't know what to do with my life and I hate myself.
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
trying to find a job with good hours
A new supervisor is more controlling, doesn't trust me and is changing my work role and threatening my job. He's reducing my travel and opportunity to take additional hours and changing the direction of my current work projects. He's also from the Military and has an abrasive way of communicating with makes having conversations with him very difficult.
I have no job
I have finals coming up and I'm stressed.
Well, my wife of 10 years just decided to request a divorce, which is very unexpected. She is saying that she is moving out with the two kids.
Anxiety about losing my job
My friend is a good friend of mine but he is not a suitor as in I would not want to marry or date him but my fiance still gets bothered by me talking to him. I don't talk to him anymore but can't see why he still considers it microcheating even if I don't talk about our relationship.
Fear of layoff from work
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
Struggling to find work
I have anxiety to leave my families,
Struggling to find work
My wife cheated on me with my friend and now we are in process of divorce
I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
My best friend's son died in a car accident.
I can not hang out with my friends due to COVID-19. I miss them a lot but they are high risk.
I work hard at my job. We just acquired another company and now my job is twice the workload. My boss gave two of my coworkers raises but has given me no compensation for all the extra work. I am down, angry, jealous and have a bad work attitude.
Nothing special just an ongoing thing i've been dealing with since my daughter was born.
Impending assignment and exam deadlines later this month, and next month, with online education.
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
Used to have a high paid job but quitted and moved right before pandemic. Now that I couldn't find any job even if I lower significantly my expectations in salary.
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
I have this girl friend that never listen to me for advise even though I could help her . It seems that I am not smart enough to give her an advise
My girlfriend dumped me. I'm lonely. I want a girlfriend, but I feel afraid that I'll never find another one like my last girlfriend. I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
Christmas is coming up and I've been having a terrible time finding a job.
I lost my job and cant find another one
I miss my girlfriend, I feel I have no one in my life.
I have just lost my job, and am experiencing depression, as a result of financial worry.
My grandfather's brother passed away a few days ago and I'm depressed because of it.
Work at restaurant as assistant manager. Manager got fired and company asked me to take over position without a pay raise then skipped the promotion and hired a new manager.
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
Being stuck at home all day with 3 kid and barely able to leave the house. I am feeling so overwhelmed and exhausted.
I tested positive for Covid.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I lost my job 4 month ago and I am running out of money.
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
Being stuck at home all day with 3 kid and barely able to leave the house. I am feeling so overwhelmed and exhausted.
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
One of my classes is extremely difficult and my professor is not responsive.
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
I am drinkin beers almost every day
My friends got me banned from PlayStation because I got a girlfriend.
I am close to failing school and I dont know what to do
I am angry because my friend judged me for not buying my nephew a birthday gift.
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
My ex partner is harassing me and will not stop talking to my friends and family.
I have several exams coming up but have been overwhelmed with virtual classes. My living environment isn't great, with lots of roommates, and I've found it really hard to study.
My parents grounded me for something I didn't do. My sibling broke the TV, I did not!!
I don't know what to do anymore, everything in my life is going downward.
End of job contract
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
Lost my job and unable to find the new on
My eleven year old daughter is being difficult right now. Won't pick up anything, spends all day on the computer or on her phone or tablet, isn't focusing on school, won't eat anything other than mac and cheese and chocolate.
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
Long day of work. Came home early, ended up catching my partner having an affair with my roommate
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
My son had heart surgery this year and is in the midst of being diagnosed with CP. I work with a lot of people and am terrified I could catch COVID and it will kill him.
I have been diagnosed with PTSD from war in Iraq. I am depressed and need help to get through the days.
They try to hide many important matters from me and they avoid me frequently.
Right now dealing with all the shutdowns I have felt pretty depressed. I'm a stay at home mom with 4 kids and its hard to me to manage day to day. My husbands work hours have been reduced and with the kids being home full time I never get a break. I'm always overwhelmed.
Having a lot going on in life and school and feeling very stressed.
My boyfriend was disrespectful. he went ahead to cheat on me with the particular girl i warned him about seeing. he lied about it even after being caught and tried to emotionally blackmail me with it still.
My partner was seeing someone else on the side
My curly hair is so unruly
I have been very depressed due to lack of job and its affecting me mentally
My friend didn't like it that he dumped me. She told him he was an idiot to do that.
A person I was dating broke up with me in a terrible manner.
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
I recently argued with my family about my dating partner.
Husband left me for someone else.
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
I am overwhelmed with housework and I’m ashamed of the house
pet died
I have been very depressed due to lack of job and its affecting me mentally
I just got my job and I heard they have to let people go because business is slow.
I don't know what to do anymore, everything in my life is going downward.
i cant do well in school and they mock me
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
I am very depressed and i dont know what to do
Uncertainty of job future due to covid
I am currently studying for an exam that I need to do for work.
daily stresses
I have not been able to find a job
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
I think I've drifted apart from a friend I've known since college because of the pandemic. We rarely communicate and the last time we did she tells me about the things she has been doing with her NEW friends.
A friend keeps talking lies
My boyfriend broke up with me, but we live together and have roommates. Now he is turning the roommates against me.
I can't stand him!!!
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
My project ends soon and I will need to find other employment. I am worried that doesn't to Covid I will not be able to find work.
my club is giving me a fuck headache, I cannot do without Arsenal but they are fucking up on a big time
School work piling up, lots of projects and pressure on time issues. Wanted to escape but can't.
I am nervous and anxious about my status with my friends. I am not sure what I mean to them and if I am easily replaceable.
I am falling in love with a friend who doesn't return any feelings like this.
My account went into the negative this morning.
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
Just can't shake my sadness
I have recently been diagnosed with cancer. I am currently undergoing chemo. The whole situation has caused my anxiety and depression to be so much worse.
I feel like my friends don't care about me at all. When we get together all they want to do is talk about their lives. When I raise something that is bothering me they just make some trite response and then move back to what they want to talk about.
My best friend of 5 years said they hated me.
My partner left me for another woman after fifteen years and after saying he did not want children with me.
My best friend finally stopped showing up and stopped replying to my message.
I have nobody in my life that supports me. No purpose to my life. My husband treats me like dirt. I am just so frustrated with being sad all the time but just when I think it is looking up, I get knocked down again.
My curly hair is so unruly
I used to love my field of study, But soon after entering the university I started skipping the classes and failing. I lost my interest and there was nothing to motivate me.
I work in the night. I have to sleep in the day. This is for throughout the year. I strive for sound sleeping. I become depressed of insufficient sleeping.
I want to break up with my partner who ive been married to for 6 years with a 5 year old child
I’m feeling anxious about upcoming exam.
My best friend of 5 years said they hated me.
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
COVID-19 has changed the way we learn and the last year has been really difficult. I don't feel as connected in my classes and I plan to apply to grad school. I don't know how this will affect me as I begin to think about programs to apply to next year.
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years.
I think he might want me back. He wants me to work with him on the board.
I just got layed off.
I dont know what to do with out her.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
Loss of job and the pandemic
Not really succeeding in college
I've been depressed for months but now I'm spending Christmas alone and it's the worst.
I have just lost my job, and am experiencing depression, as a result of financial worry.
I'm so worried about breaking up with my boyfriend that I'm shaking.
I am having financial problems and i am worried i will not be able afford my kids christmas presents.
I just lost my job and am worried about paying the bills.
Having trouble finding a steady job, it's leading to high anxiety and fears that I may not be able to pay all my bills
Just got back from deployment. Found out the girl that I was interested in does not like me anymore. I am trying to move on, but don't know where to go from here.
I don't think my current job is right for me. I have been doing it for 7 years and it's all I know. I don't know what to do for the best.
I found out that my boss has not been paying me accurately. I am so upset because I don't know what to do. I feel like I should quit.
I'm scared that my best friend and my boyfriend are doing something behind my back.
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
I have been self-isolating since March which has made my chronic depression worse than ever. I live alone and have not touched another human being in all that time.
friends trying to let me down
I recently faced a breakup with my partner..
i left my job, and moved across the country without another job lined up. it's been 3 months since i have worked. and this is compounded by a lot of feelings of loss and grieving as i left a job of 8 years.
I am currently studying my Masters and I am feeling intense pressure from it. It is online and each module is in such a short period of time that I am feeling out of my depth. I am also in a new job which is increasing my anxiety.
I lost friend as she does not reach out to me anymore and wonder why.
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
A coworker feels that I am discriminating against her because I give corrective feedback on procedures she is doing wrong. There have been numerous occasions of her wrongdoing.
Lost my job and unable to find the new on
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
I am mad at my professor for giving me a 0 on a test.
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
am sinking into depression
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
no money and cant find work
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
Not having enough money to pay my bills.
My curly hair is so unruly
I feel disgusted by the way my teenage daughter dresses up. She wears very tight and revealing clothing. I have tried before to talk to her about modesty but she continues to dress that way.
impending academic deadlines
Many of my friends are divorcing and/or moving away and I feel lonely.
Hello. My baby of 11 years had passed away last week. This would be my pomeranian and I am devastated. I am fearful now of getting another puppy during Corona.
breaking up cause husband cheating
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
I am scared to leave my town, I got new job in California
COVID-19 has completely ruined my family's travel plans. Instead of travelling to see them, we have to stay home.
I was in the store and there were two other women. They were whispering to each other and looking at me. I could hear a couple words and they were making fun of my hair and the way I dress. People just don't accept me. It's hard to feel so different.
gf broke heart
I am depressed because I broke up with my girlfriend
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
I have finals coming up and I am afraid I an not smart enough to pass
I just cannot find motivation to work and live. I am depressed and want to do nothing but stay in a hole and sleep. My work performance is suffering and I have no energy.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
I have been self-isolating since March which has made my chronic depression worse than ever. I live alone and have not touched another human being in all that time.
it has been difficult to get another job after i was furloughed
I suffered bullying at school. for the simple fact of being not very fat but if stuffed, they called me a cow, they made the expression of a cow, they threw my bag in the trash, I had no friends. It was hard and strong to be able to study there, after that they changed my school, everything was fine until those from the previous school found out where I was studying and the bullying started again. It has had an impact on my life, I believe that even my feelings are the same, I have not been able to forget it.
my friend stud me up for a weekend trip cost was then all on me and she has been badmouthing me ever since. Saying I am the bad person because of a voicemail left her
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
I have been sad for a while now but lately due to not being able to find a job, i am feeling very low
I've been feeling low for the last few months, and have been finding it hard to sleep at night.
My fiance and I are splitting up after 5 years and I feel like I'm starting over again.
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
need for good grades
My boyfriend broke up with me in a facebook story. He won't tell me why. He won't return my calls or answer my messages. I think it is because I posted something (innocent) that made him jealous. But he is being so cruel. He posts many sad songs to make it seem like he is so hurt by me, but he won't even speak with me. I can't eat or sleep. I'm losing my mind.
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
I married a divorcee. She was not honest with me. I felt sympathy about her previous marriage. She was not honest about her real problems. She treated me horribly. I had to leave.
My friend's dad passed away due to Coronavirus and I am sad.
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
I suffer from chronic depression and stress due to a number of factors. Currently, life is very overwhelming with medical issues plaguing myself, my husband and our two children. I can't catch a break and I'm feeling overwhelmed.
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
I don't seem to able to lose weight.
Constant feeling that I might be laid off. I really like my job and it pays good. I have a family and cannot afford to lose job. It will be super hard for me to find new job. I just never know then and if I get laid off. I work in cruise industry and it has been few tough months.
I need to make more money right now to support myself, But I love my job and I am scared to leave it. And start over.
I fear that I will not have a job next year, at the beginning of the year. My emotions are in survival mode and I do not want to do anything or buy anything from this fear
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
I have a very good friend whom I have noticed does not tell me the truth , she cherry picks what she wants to tell me. I have also noticed that she doesn't call me unless I call. What got me so upset what was she did the last time I called her. She got me off the phone in a matter of seconds saying that she will call back , but never did. I felt so dejected and promised never to call her back again.
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
I broke up with my partner.
Lay off from the job
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
My younger sister passed away unexpectedly a few months ago in an apartment fire and I am having trouble dealing with this.
I'm feeling so depressed lately. The holidays are coming and I just want to stay in bed under the covers.
my daughter is addicted to opiods and living a high risk lifestyle. she does not want help. it's heartbreaking.
I broke up with my ex partner and found out they cheated on me
I feel that my friends do not really like me much and do not want to meet me
I thought I was going to marry my girlfriend but then she ended up cheating on me. It broke my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust a girl again.
I am overwhelmed with housework and I’m ashamed of the house
I battle depression and recently my regular meds just aren't helping. I am exhausted morning to night and have no interest or enjoyment in anything I do.
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
people would make fun of me based on the color of my skin or anything that has to do with my color.
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
Daily, normal activites of life are hard for me to be motivated to do or to complete them at all due to my depression. I feel ashamed that I am not like other people who can complete things like hygiene care without a struggle.
I am always depressed and the upcoming holidays are making it a lot worse.
I do not like my boss, she is hateful.
co workers seem to ignore me and don't say hello, i feel unwanted
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
Ilost my home when my partner died. He had changed the will and I didn't know.
breakup with partner
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me and i do not know the reason
My youngest son has such a hard time sharing
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
I've just been feeling tired and sad lately especially with everything that's going on
I am unemployed right now and its hard for me to find a job where I can earn enough to support my family
My friend is using drugs
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
when i met myb coworkers in job and they have not done has we had agreed , i get bored and irritated the whole day with negative mood due to the dissapointment they did not met the requirements we had set to attain by set date aside
I thought I was going to marry my girlfriend but then she ended up cheating on me. It broke my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust a girl again.
Studying for finals can be very stressful, especially when the exam is cumulative of the year's content. Its super pressuring when you grade can teeter on the border of As, Bs, or Cs since the exam is so heavily weighted on the Final Exam. Its depressing that you can do well in all other aspects of the class yet do poorly on the exam and have all that effort be for nothing.
I lost my job and very distressed about it
Internet Porn & live webchat dating sites
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
I think I will be losing my job soon. I just read an email taking about the need for us to cut cost and also how we have not got any support from the government.
I feel like I am never going to be good enough to make it on my own. I'm struggling with finding a job right now, paying for anything for myself, and taking care of my teenage son who's driving me nuts as he's doing school from home. I really feel like I'm in a pit that I'll never get out of.
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
My partner broke up with me but they did not tell me the reason why
covid 19 issues
The holiday season has me down
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
academic pressures
End of job contract
I am an anxiety person, when I have test, I'm going to travel, I'm going out and so on I will always have anxiety however I don't think it's goo to have so much anxiety, it's not good for yourself.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
I work in the night. I have to sleep in the day. This is for throughout the year. I strive for sound sleeping. I become depressed of insufficient sleeping.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I have been having issues with my children since the pandemic started. I feel overwhelmed with work, home, children, distance learning and no help and have been responding with anger.
My job just laid off 10% of the workforce and I'm afraid I'm next.
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
My friend has started to get into political conversations on Facebook and I think he is embarrassing himself. He's spouting all these talking points without ever showing any interest in them before!
My bos just resigned last week and I am worried about what that means for me and my coworker.
I let the best lady in the world get away from me.
I feel like I won't ever get a proper job and move out of my parents' home.
I just feel generally down.
I lost my job Due to COVID-19 , I really work hard for the company for past five years but they just through out from the company.
I am in a deep depression, have no friends or family to talk to. I also started drinking
i keep feeling as though i'm not doing well. i have a job but i don't seem to be very good at it and i don't want to lose it. i am fearful that i will
I may lose a job
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
I'm having trouble with making my parents understand who I am.
breakup with partner
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
My boyfriend broke up with me because he didn't want a relationship with someone who had kids.
Fear of layoff from job
Life in general has been hard for me and my husband has been really sick for weeks now.
breakup with lover
My friends are going out to the bar without me tonight.
I am having difficulty at school. I'm in my first year of college and since we have gone virtual, I don't see any friends. I want to drop out, but my parents would go crazy. I can't talk to them about it.
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
academic pressure
Parents pressuring me to do well in studies
I keep failing online classes. Does it have to do with my videogames addiction?
i talk with my friendship
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
I recently left my job because of a toxic environment but now I'm having trouble finding another and I'm running out of money.
I keep trying to get started, but my kitchen mess seems so overwhelming.
i'm doing a bad job at my job and there are rumors i'll be fired soon. i am a newscaster at a small radio station. basically this job is too much for me. i feel tremendous pressure.
MY Son-in-Law is treating our daughter and Grandaughter indifferent, gaslighting and treats the dog better.
I have an interview with little time to prepare and I'm feeling very stressed about this as I tend to get very nervous at interviews.
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
AFTER BRAEKING UP WITH THE PARTNER I HAD LOT OF STRESS AND DEPRESSION IN MY LIFE .I WAS FACING REALLY A MENTAL STRESS WITHOUT MY BOYFRIEND
i feel so depressed because of this pandemic and job stress.
My partner and I decided to part ways due to cheating and I have completely lost trust in any MEN out there now. I feel super helpless and need some advice and support.
I just woke up and felt sad and I cannot shake the feeling and I just want to cry and never leave bed
I am at my first semester in a doctoral program and have a lot to do at once and have been feeling very anxious in the past few weeks.
Being stuck at home all day with 3 kid and barely able to leave the house. I am feeling so overwhelmed and exhausted.
there will be layoff to me
My job has seen more and more responsibilities and pressure because of the pandemic. I really want to quit!
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
My friend told this guy that I like him! It was a secret.
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
I quit my full time job as an Administrative Assistant in August 2020 becuase my job did not following Covid-19 roles set up by the State in which I live in. I am struggling to find a job that is WFH since August.
I'm in the depression because of todays market situation
My boyfriend cheated on me a year ago but I just found out. It was with my best friend and I am so grossed out and mad.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
my friend betrayed because she thought i wanted to snatch her boyfriend from her.
School's going badly. I really wish I had chosen a different major.
due to covid , all colleges are closed but opened online classes but need to pay fee for semesters but no on campus job in college .I don't know how to attend college in online and before that need to pay fee for that
My beautiful Daughter is married to a man that does not treat her well. Gas-lights her continiually. This has rubbed off on their 5 year old daughter.
covid 19 issues
I recently lost my job and I am worried that i will not able to pay my bills. This situation is making me anger.
The fact that my job does not take my health seriously
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I have had a very difficult time during this holiday season. I lost my job, and have experiences problems with my significant other. I sleep more than normal, and have been drinking heavily.
I met Ivy a couple of years ago at the park. It only took one glimpse to feel my heart sparked. We kicked off things slowly, its been two years now. She confessed her love to me and I did the same. I was planning to propose to her when i found out she is pregnant with another mans child. I am broken, my future is no more and I feel my life is meaningless
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
Daily, normal activites of life are hard for me to be motivated to do or to complete them at all due to my depression. I feel ashamed that I am not like other people who can complete things like hygiene care without a struggle.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
I have found out that my friends have been socialising behind my back without me. This makes me very sad.
My dad and I do not talk anymore even though we used to be close.
I quit my full time job as an Administrative Assistant in August 2020 becuase my job did not following Covid-19 roles set up by the State in which I live in. I am struggling to find a job that is WFH since August.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
Need a second job to pay off credit card bills
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
I can't stop eating at work
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
For the last few weeks everything is an effort. I just can't get motivated. Why clean the house it will just get messed up again and no one else cares. I feel bad for my dog I don't even take him for walks anymore. Things that usually cheer me up or make me happy just seem pointless. No matter how hard I try I get nowhere. I just want to sleep until these feelings go away if they ever do
Depression is currently taking a toll on my life. This pandemic is stressing me out.
So I just had a baby the other day. About 2 weeks before I had my baby I saw one of my really good friends deleted me on facebook. I am not sure why nothing happened between us.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I am alone and have no friends.
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
It is finals week at my college and I am very anxious about it.
pandemic and family stress
I'm feeling very hopeless and anxious after a couple of hours after work, waiting for boyfriend to come back from work, feeling over worried, negative thoughts start rushing in my mind about our relationship after waiting a couple hours and even though I sparsely receive texts from him. It always happens so frequent I just don't know what to do.
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
Not sure how to explain that I want out of marriage
My friends are going out to the bar without me tonight.
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me and i do not know the reason
My longtime partner revealed that they cheated on me during the pandemic and I've very very sad about it
Friday while out finishing up my last minute shopping for the Thanksgiving holiday I got a call from my best friend’s sister stating she was taken to the hospital. I left the store and rushed to the hospital. When I got there my friend’s family members and my fiance were already there. My best friend sister greeted me and she told me my best friend has AIDS and has not been taking her medicine. I'm her best friend and I can't believe she didn't tell me. She was fine Thursday when I last saw her. The sister also told me the doctors said she could die at any moment because she has advance Kidney failure. She also told me I need to get tested because her sister told her she and my fiance has been having an affair. I didn't believe her or the whole situation so I confronted my fiance. I knew he would tell this was all a lie but why was he there and before me? He didn't deny or confirm anything he kept saying he was Sorry. I'm at a motel and haven't been home or back to the hospital. I d
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
I am separated from my wife and in the middle of a PhD program and am using alcohol to numb the pain.
i cant go back to school because we can no longer afford it
I keep having dreams that I've forgotten to go to one of my classes and I won't graduate on time.
I have been having issues with my children since the pandemic started. I feel overwhelmed with work, home, children, distance learning and no help and have been responding with anger.
am sinking into depression
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
SInce my divorce, I am constantly worried about being able to pay my bills and general sad most of the time. The Covid issue is making it worst.
My health is crazy and I may have to face a major surgery. I have a severe auto immune disorder and even though I've had it for 8 years you never get used to it.
i lost job in covid ,i lost my home due to unpaid of mortgage ..full in stress how to pay homeloans and how to get new job in this covid situations
My mind is consumed by depression
I have anxiety to leave my families,
Work is extremely stressful. I work 12 hour days and I feel like I have no time to do the things I like.
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
I decided to go back to school to complete my Master's degree, but I feel really overwhelmed between being a parent, having a career, and going to school at the same time.
Anxiety about losing my job
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
A breakup that happened many years ago but I still think about it
Me and my best friend are drifting apart. She never seems to want to hang out anymore.
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
I have been chatting with my boss and he is telling me that my job performance is consistantly low. They want me to move 10 pallets per hour which near almost impossible. This is a well paying job and i'm afraid I will be losing it soon.
I am very anxious about loved ones with COVID right now and finances this close to the Holidays
I got married to a woman that I loved so much ,this was five years ago after the death of my first wife. Unfortunately this woman lied to me that she was divorced but in real sense she was not divorced .After two yeas ,the husband appeared and messed my marriage to her. This put me into depression.
I am depressed as I feel I am not good enough or doing enough in life.
COVID-19 has completely ruined my family's travel plans. Instead of travelling to see them, we have to stay home.
.Last Christmas I bought the condo of my dreams. This April I lost my job due to Covid 19. I have used up my saving and my unemployement has run out. I have received an eviction notice. I don't know what to do. Help!
I have been out of work for five weeks in quarantine due to testing positive for COVID-19. I fear that my employer will not take me back to work even once I test negative.
My company is making people redundant and I am stressed.
I have dealt with depression around this time of the year since i was 17. I am now 37. My cousin got killed in a car accident on Dec 29th at the age of 14. Then 18 years later on Jan 3rd I lost my boyfriend in a car accident. I struggle around the holidays even worse now than I did before.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
My friends are segregating me because of deciding to be a born again Christian
I have a friend that is not listening to me and she is not accepting how I feel and is being very dismissive.
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
suicide
I had been dating my college boyfriend for almost a year and we had begun to fight increasingly over the last few months. He ended up breaking up with me on our anniversary.
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
I'm bummed about my employer cutting my pay
I don't have enough money to buy my kids christmas gifts.
My ex-boyfriend broke up with me because I was too jealous and I didn't trust him
Due to COVID-19 I can not focus on studies and can't fine help
A very close friend is suffering from bi-polar disorder and is having difficulty with everyday life.
My girlfriend of 2 years left me for another person.
Currently I live with my sibling because I couldn't afford rent, so it is saddening to me. I don't have my own time for day to day activities with my kids.
some many people losing jobs due to covid
Parent have been forcing me into something (a major) that i don't really enjoy. Now I don't know if I can continue for my masters. Would I fail?
My wife cheated on me and wanted a divorce. I have been super depressed. My house is a mess. I have a small business that I have let go. I need to get up and get things done but have no motivation. I need help getting motivated again.
my boss cut my pay to save his bonus this year
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
Anxiety about losing my job
I have been put into sadness due to pressure from my employer who is threatening to down size the manpower at work. I am really sad because my supervisor has mentioned to me that I am going to be one of those who are going to lose their jobs.
My job is based on demand and the current economic state makes less demand.
My best friend of 5 years said they hated me.
I am very depressed and despondent because my boyfriend broke up with me and it was right before the wedding. I am close to his family but they won't speak to me know. I am lost without him.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I found out 6 months later at work from a customer. I was so embarrassed. I did not eat for days.
I miss my girlfriend so much and she left me for my best friend.
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday, my oldest daughter who I gave up 37 years ago. I sent her a letter a year ago, at least it is believed that this is her from searcher that helped me. She has not responded to that or other requests from me.
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
I work very hard, physically hard and I am not a young man anymore My boss seems to not notice another supervisor on the same level as me sits in his desk chair and sleeps! Everyday!
My ex who i loved so much and almost gave her everything cheated on me with another guy from my school , my relationship was almost 2 years until she dumped me.... and i had to go through an immense overthinking after the breakup for almost 6-7 months
My neighbors are all mad at me, because I was the cause of a mutual friend being evicted from our complex. Her dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week. I reported the incident to apartment management and Animal Control. She was told to get rid of her dog or move. She elected to move, but continued to say that she "got kicked out because of me". I guess friends liked her more, because now I'm the "bad guy".
Ever since the insurgent of Covid-19 ,I was hit hard when I was relieved from my full-time job for a non justifiable reason. I blame it to Covid because business was slow and it affected production. I was so frustrated and I didn't know what next to do as I had past due bills and family to take care of. I started applying for government benefits none was fast coming forth and requires a lot of processing time. I later got a part-time job that the pay was low and i could not put up with the bills .it was really tough. I almost went into depression but I did not give up home. Recently I got a full-time job but I have been scared and anxious because they keep laying off employees weekly. I wouldn't want to go through the terrible situation I had last time.
Depression exacerbated by nasty migraines lately.
Not leaving the house is making me more and more depressed.
Not being able to find a job after graduating from university
Pressures from my parent to be the top of the class
I have no motivation to finish my work assignments
I can't go on a day without having a glass of alcohol
I have not been able to find a job
The pandemic has placed me in a financial crisis and it has negatively impacted my academic standing.
Spouse wants a hall pass for the holiday
I am scared to open myself up to others such as men because I do not want my heart to be broken but it is also due to my insecurities about my looks and weight. there is one guy who likes me that live in france but I am not sure if I should pursue him or not.
Due to this pandemic, I fear for the safety of my job.
I could not sleep in nights. All my problems comes in my head correctly at my sleeping time.
I lost my job, my car was just repossessed and my bills are all behind.
I lost my job.
My mom does not understand me. I will say something and she thinks I am saying something else.
About to take a licensure exam for my field. I get 1 try a year to pass at a 90% rate. I deal with a lot of test anxiety and the current COVID-19 crisis has amplified my worries. How can I put myself at ease in the testing center and ace this exam?
the event that put in this mood was a big gathering of people of all sorts and kinds
My parents have this expectation of me to give back to them even though I'm not financially stable yet
Worried about my daughter abd her academic struggles. She has a genetic condition and some learning differences. Struggling to cope to work and do day to day things and give her as much support as she needs.
A coworker feels that I am discriminating against her because I give corrective feedback on procedures she is doing wrong. There have been numerous occasions of her wrongdoing.
I lost my job 4 month ago and I am running out of money.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
I wish I had a girlfriend. I haven't seen any friends outside of my household since last October!
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
I was fired.
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
I am drinkin beers almost every day
I recently found out my partner had been unfaithful to me and I don't think the relationship will survive.
I am having trouble managing all 7 of my college classes and extracurricular activities.
Don't feel qualified for job I am applying for.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
My company laid off 10% of the workforce and I am afraid I may be next.
My girlfriend and I broke up due to all the fights we were having. It was mutual but it was still sad. I felt as if my life had ended and everything was in black and white. I was sad for a year afterwards.
I need to leave my job as I do not make enough money, however I love my job and hate to leave.
I had my heart set on a Veterinary Technology program at a particular school and I just found out that I won't be able to apply in time. I feel like I have to reassess my future plans.
I have anxiety to leave my families,
my close friend became an avid antivaxxer and felt it was his job to pressure me over it...he wouldn't drop it and so i had to cut off communication, at least for now.
7 weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop having an affair.
I fear that I might get fired in my job. My boss hates me. My co-workers harrass me at times.
My partner is abusing me for not earning money..I feel like ending my life instead of all the abuses being faced in life.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
I am self employed, and my job is at a halt due to covid 19. I am very anxious about when i will be able to return to work, and my current financial situation
Applying for work, I have been retired for 2 years and would like to return to the work force.
I am fearful about changing a job during COVID but I am not happy at current job
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
I just lost my job and am worried about paying the bills.
My mom and I got into an argument. She says I don't respect or appreciate her enough. I feel like she's over-exaggerating things.
I always make my goals ealry and every so often before an breakthrough I make the best cut I can get. I want to make myself less suscepatable to self sabotage and intrusions.
I am retired, but really need to go back to work to earn some extra money. My problem is that it is very difficult physically for me to wear a mask for longer than a few moments. In this time of COVID, I have no choice in the matter. It is causing me anxiety because I need the income.
I've had trouble sleeping the last few nights, I feel really low self esteem.
I have to get a new job soon but it has been a year since I worked like that.
I would like to get an online job but it is very competitive.
I've had some degree of depression for a long time. Longer than this damn pandemic. I've always been a homebody but not leaving the house at all for almost three months was a lot. A lot has happened over the past year and I'm not sure how to handle it all. I feel alone even when there are people around.
I have developed "cabin fever". not being able to go out and do something has put me in depression.
I will be losing my job in january. I am very fearful about finding a new one.
I can't sleep at night, struggling to fall or stay asleep.
One of my oldest friends is extremely insecure. She's been this way for a long time, but fear and immaturity have made it worse recently. It's become super frustrating to have to constantly reassure her that I love her, and she's really my friend, cause her insecurity makes her doubt anyone could love her. I'm anxious about it.
I was already having a really bad day, from a run in I had with a very rude lady. Then I received a text from someone who I thought was my friend. She felt like I haven' t been there for her because I didn't pick up her call. I honestly didn't see her call and definitely would've got back to her, if I saw her call. She said mean and nasty things about me, which I don' t care about. But she did the wrong mistake of bringing my child into the equation, when he had nothing to do with it. I wanted to really beat the crap out of her because not only did she do that, she blocked my number and ran. Like I was beyond pissed.
I have a very stressful meeting tomorrow morning. I'm feeling nervous and anxious about it.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
Husband left me for someone else.
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
I am so scared of going out and finding a job due to Covid 19 but I need to work right now . my bills are piling up
I feel like I'm worthless, I can not accomplish anything in life.
Conflict with parents
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
I have a friend who for no reason picks a fight with me and others in a bid to quarrel and feel entitled. she is always on the verge of quarrelling and starts acting like everyone should lay at her feet. very disgusting
I have a final exam coming up and I am really worried about how I will perform.
I am fighting with my parents because I am 17 and have just began my first relationship and my parents have grounded me after finding out that I am dating before the age of 18
My significant other has started to become distant and I fear our relationship is over.
Iam feeling very sadness after breaking up with my girlfriend.
I always feel like the way I look does not live up to the expectations of those close to me. This makes me very anxious when I go to meet with them.
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
I just don't really feel enthused about anything right now. I feel like I can't make any future plans, and that I don't have anything to look forward to.
My job terminated a lot of people recently and I am afraid that they will do that again and I may lose my job if that happens
Going through a divorce. Wife is cheating on me.
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
I have complete unsupportive friends its to the point where i dont even feel like i have friends any more .
I keep failing my tests
I have had trouble coming through the pandemic and have turned to alcohol to cope with job, family, and relationship issues.
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
Just alot of different things have happened over last couple of months. It is the holidays and I cant be around family because I tested positive for COVID
trying to find a job in this town is almost impossible, it is either fast food, walmart, or if you know someone the chemical plants. i need to get out of the place i am in or i am going to go insane. i cant do that without more income.
It's been long time I am unable to find a job.
covid19 has heavily impact me and my family financially it is hard to find a job and also hard to find a job that you feel is following the COVID19 PPE RULES.
I am feeling very depressed due to work load
I am depressed staying home due to COVID
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
I just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
I have been out of work and my father passed now we have to move to a smaller house and I am my mothers care giver
COVID-19 has changed the way we learn and the last year has been really difficult. I don't feel as connected in my classes and I plan to apply to grad school. I don't know how this will affect me as I begin to think about programs to apply to next year.
i lost my job and have no more savings.
I'm in depression because i lost my job
I am very nervous about my fianl paper.
I fear my child is in bad company. Recently his behavior has changed to the worst. I don't know how to approach the issue.
No money to celebrate christiamass
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
For a long time I have struggled with depression
I'm fearful of where I'll be living in the future.
Why do I always get the worst teachers? It makes school so hard in general.
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
I miss seeing my friends in person and I havent heard from them in a while
I am unemployed right now and its hard for me to find a job where I can earn enough to support my family
I feel like my employees are working against me.
always being asked to do things and help , and no one is here for me
My close friend committed a mistake. I truly informed her and argued to rectify the mistake. But she opposed and tried to avoid me and she scolded me more. Moreover she told all our friends that I am doing jealously and it was irritating her. This event make me very depressed.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
my dog died recently
I can't cope with Martins any more, he is a big liar
I did a very disgusting thing, I dated online without know, who is she, she tricked me with her naked pictures and I fell into her hand by sent 4000 dollar to her
constant fighting
I'm worried I will never find love again and I'm not getting any younger
I have broken up with my partner of two years, she is amazing but I ended it as I thought my feelings had changed. I broke her heart but now I think I want her back but in afraid she might have moved on.
I feel disgusted by the way my teenage daughter dresses up. She wears very tight and revealing clothing. I have tried before to talk to her about modesty but she continues to dress that way.
I want to get a proper qualification know work but I can't seem to find a course that meets my needs whilst I'm working . I can't afford to quit and I feel stuck.
I'm so worried about breaking up with my boyfriend that I'm shaking.
covid
I can not find a career i am stressing
I have trouble getting to sleep on time. Also when I wake up in the middle of the night I can't fall back asleep.
pressure of applying for fellowship
Looking in the mirror I know I’m fine enough to go out in public. But I still feel horrible about what I see. And I know it’s never going to be good enough.
i cheated on her
My boyfriend broke up with me after we lost our baby 4 months in.
I've been so blessed to have such a great job but thanks to Corona, my works has come to a screeching halt. I'm so anxious because I don't know when my next check will be or for how much. The pressure and stress is almost too much.
Becoming frustrated with the difficulties at work. I feel as though I have no support from my coworkers and am constantly questioning if I am making the right decisions. Management and those above me are blatantly rude and not helpful.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. I WANT TO ACHEIVE SOMETHING IN MY LIFE. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS AND ALSO I THINK ABOUT IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. SO THIS MAKES ME DEPRESSED PERSON AND EVEN I CAN'T TALK WITH MY FRIENDS WELL
My girlfriend just told me our relationship isn't working by text. She has recently started a new job and I think she may have met someone else.
Finals week has pushed me to my limits and is causing me to be very stressed and moody. Many people in my family are noticing my personality being like a stir-crazy animal.
I don't know what to do. I need to get a job and I have a lot of student debt.
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
I am depressed due to covid pandemic.
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
I feel invisible wherever I go. No one seems to notice me or wants to talk to me. I try to make conversation but nothing seems to work. I just get overlooked like I am not even there.
Every night I try to go to sleep and I am actually tired but once in bed I cannot stop thinking about tons of things and I cannot fell asleep.
I TALK WITH MY FRIENDSHIP
I'm unable to get up in the morning, and do not enjoy the things I used to enjoy.
My coworker is constantly telling me what to do like she is my boss. I told her about it and she still does it. I cannot make a move without criticism or a comment on how to do it her way. I how to do my job and it angers me when she expects me to do it her way.
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
I cannot decide if I should take a new job or not
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
can't focus
I can't find a job since I've been staying home with children for so many years. I'm starting to feel a shame because I am having trouble paying bills.
My husband and I lost our jobs so we can't pay bills. He stays in the room all day and doesn't help with anything not even our children.
My close friend died because of Covid-19 last month, it bothers me a lot and i constantly feel depression.
He broke up with me few years ago because we fought a lot
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
my 4 years girlfriend broke up with me because she taught i was cheating on her. I have been trying to explain my self but she is not listening to any reason
I have been dismissed from medical school. I am currently awaiting the appeals process to begin but this is a life long dream and I failed not only myself but my family.
Cause of the covid, I have problems with study and communication. I have problem in my University, also problems how to communicate with people after 1 year, of lockdown.
I'm kind of just generally feeling seasonal depression as I don't feel happy,
I am overwhelmed with housework and I’m ashamed of the house
Worried about my daughter abd her academic struggles. She has a genetic condition and some learning differences. Struggling to cope to work and do day to day things and give her as much support as she needs.
Well I was going on with this girl but then she broke up with me
daily stresses
Ive been trying to get with some of friends to hang out maybe just for a couple hours just to catch up. But no-one seems like they want to be bothered due to covid. But the other day I called this particularly person and she said that they were all out having lunch, So why wasn't I included?
My boyfriend and I broke up and I cant stop crying. I am depressed about being alone.
the uncertainty surrounding the corona virus pandemic. the unavailability of jobs. lack of success get jobs applied for. No ease or comfort of end being in sight
I have been struggling since I lost my job. I have been on the lookout for a new job, tried doing menial jobs just to get by, but nothing seems to be available.
I studied really hard and failed my math test, i even got a tutor. worst day ever.
Misunderstanding with friend
no specific event to describe
I having anxiety due the pressure from the studies
Feelings of sadness, disappointment, or hopelessness can be a healthy reaction to life’s challenges. Normally, these feelings come in waves, are tied to thoughts or reminders of challenging situations, only last for a short period of time, and don’t interfere with school, work, or relationships.
Since COVID-19 I've been trying to help my parents by giving them advice. I tell them to avoid large crowds due to my dad being on Oxygen at night. He doesn't want to listen and goes places without caring. I'm very anxious about him getting sick.
My ex who i loved so much and almost gave her everything cheated on me with another guy from my school , my relationship was almost 2 years until she dumped me.... and i had to go through an immense overthinking after the breakup for almost 6-7 months
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
daily stresses
I've had a drinking problem for a few years now, and I know that I need to seek help now. I just am having a hard time finding the motivation to, and I'm having a hard time with being worried about being judged for my drinking and other addiction problems. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a rehab will view me, and any one else that I have to share my story with. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that i've made that have gotten me to this point in my life.
We had a staff appreciation day, but we all got drunk by the end of the day. So now I am worried my boss will judge me or fire me.
Had a fight with friend.
gf broke heart
I am dealing with a COVID-19 quarantining situation. Can't interact with family and friends. Wife is super paranoid about the virus.
I broke up with my partner last month and I'm in a funk
I am mad at my professor for giving me a 0 on a test.
Working as a teacher, I find it very hard to get students who don't care to engage with work. 90% of students are fine, but the other 10% are impossible as I have no support from management.
I've always struggled with depression. I just feel hopeless.
I LOVE MY FRIEND BUT TODAY FIGHT
A co-worker continues to usurp my authority and interfere with my duties / responsibilities.
my friend is bipolar and went off his meds, he is sick and won't get help, thinks he is fine. i am worried for his safetly.
feel alone. have no one to talk to about things. feel depressed,sad,hopeless. on top of feeling depressed i am also stressed out about my finances
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
stree leads to depression
My ex-boyfriend broke up with me because I was too jealous and I didn't trust him
My best friend can be kind of a tool when he is drinking alcohol. I think that he forgets to chill out sometimes and says stuff that is upsetting and does not think it through when he is saying is. Recently this occurred when talking about politics. In general we have the same beliefs but he put it over the top.
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
My partner cheated on me and now I am extremely sad.
I had been terminated from a job that was in my field. I had to move back in with my parents.
I'm in the depression because of todays market situation
My new supervisor hates me. She already hated me before she was my boss. In addition to being a terrible manager, she has made a personal goal to inhibit my ability to do my job. She has taken from me all parts of my job that I value. This upsets me personally and I am sad & angry that the rest of my team, who I care about, is no longer supported. We have no recourse to solve this problem.
I am very scare of this pandemic call COVID-19
I don't have any friends. People keep betraying me when I think I can be close to them.
I have finals coming up and I am afraid I an not smart enough to pass
Christmas is coming up and I've been having a terrible time finding a job.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
breakup with the partner made me very depressed,i was really had very bad mood ,i cannot tolerate my stress mood at all ,i am completely lost my mind.
Covid 20 is now in situation.This makes me fear.We couldnt predict our future.
I'm feeling so depressed lately. The holidays are coming and I just want to stay in bed under the covers.
Constant pain from back problems.
Covid-19 has made me more depressed i miss being outside, traveling, hanging with my friends and be happy.
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
I feel like I am not living up to my potential and I am a disappointment to my family.
My boyfriend cheated on me a year ago but I just found out. It was with my best friend and I am so grossed out and mad.
My boyfriend recently broke up with me out of the blue. I am feeling very alone, sad and depressed.
I am currently depressed with my grades at school and that I am not getting certain subject matter. It's causing me a great deal of emotional stress
Had to work till 11pm and up early the next morning. No emotional support and completely drained of all energy. Have no desire to continue with the job, but need to get paid.
My boy friend left me for nothing, I tried to ask for explanation but i won't get any thing , make me depressed and felt alone.
My boyfriend just told me that he wants to break up because he doesn't see a future because he never wants to get married but I do.
I am trying to complete my Master's degree while having to help my children learn virtually because of the pandemic. Managing my time has not been easy.
I hate looking at myself in the mirror, every time I do I feel like the ugliest person in the whole world. I feel like nobody will ever love me.
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
I am afraid that I will be out of work after the Christmas vacation. I work for a small company and they were counting on the new stimulus funding.
My friend who's a year ahead of me in school is looking at jobs in an entirely different part of the country that I was looking at grad schools in, but she expects me to follow her there, which had previously been our plan.
I have come to realize I do not love my boyfriend any more and when I told him we needed to break up he said I would never find anyone who would love me because only he had the patience for my bullshit and now I cannot even believe I ever loved him.
My friends left me after fighting amongst themselves.
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend and she left me. She accused me of neglecting her even though I needed to spend time with my family and spent as much time with her as I could.
am sinking into depression
I have to give an important presentation for my academic career and I am stressed about public speaking and my ability to give a coherent presentation
My job terminated a lot of people recently and I am afraid that they will do that again and I may lose my job if that happens
Depression is not really something that needs a reason to be in a negative mood but I have been getting migraines lately.
Looking for an online job. hard to find one. too competitive
loss of job
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
I am worried about failing my college math exams and being kicked out of school.
I'm in depression because my kids not listen to me.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
My girlfriend broke up with me recently. Really not feeling it right now, especially since I could've dedicated more time to her after exams but she got fed up. I guess I'm just alone for Christmas.
I inherited some money, because both of my parents died last year. I moved to a new state, bought a house I love... but I just feel empty, and alone.
i c ant beleive how some of my friends voted
I am worried my child is not keeping up with his class.
Fear about losing a job
My girlfriend and I broke up due to all the fights we were having. It was mutual but it was still sad. I felt as if my life had ended and everything was in black and white. I was sad for a year afterwards.
I always feel like the way I look does not live up to the expectations of those close to me. This makes me very anxious when I go to meet with them.
I am losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for work right now
My girl decided to break up with me by text, instead of in person. It was a breakup that other friends also heard about and asked me about not much later in the breakup process.
I don't know what to do with my life, I am not working and not going to college. I am just sitting in my desk, sleeping, and eat 24/7.
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
I have no close friends who live locally, they are all in other cities
I have been diagnosed with Major Clinical Depression over 20 years ago. I am struggling with anger with my husband lately
My best friend used to call me all the time (many times per day) and we would talk for hours. It's been three days and I haven't got a text, a call, nothing. She just moved into a new home and I understand she is busy, but I feel ignored.
MY life has been completely upheaved by a cheating spouse who abandoned me and our children
I fear that I might get fired in my job. My boss hates me. My co-workers harrass me at times.
I have been unemployed for the last month or so and I don't see any real job opportunities out there right now.
I have recently been let go from my job due to the pandemic, and I have been feeling sad lately.
Working in a job I hate, parents arguing,
I broke up with my partner.
He became very close with my girlfriend, because of him she changed a lot. now a days our relationship is not that much good.
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
My friends are always leaving me out of activities.
I am frustrated, as I am looking for a job and despite sending in multiple applications and reference letters, employers have not even acknowledged receipt of the materials submitted, much less expressed anything suggesting that I am under consideration for the position.
My mother recently passed, a month ago due to being an alcoholic for many years.
My bop mentor was just diagnosed with cancer
I went to my family location, when corona started, from my job location, on the basis of instruction from authorities. When I returned after some months, I was not taken back. Now I am in a critical situation to seek another job, pandemic slow down.
I have been suffering from general anxiety which gets worse at nights. Sometimes, I cannot pay attention to my work and feel of depressed, anxious, and so on. I look for some help to relieve from the current situation.
some many people losing jobs due to covid
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
Anxious about health concerns and family members health issues, interferese with sleep
lose job
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
I can't get a haircut due to pandemic, my hair is a disaster. I'm getting older and things are sagging. I am too shy to go on camera for my zoom meetings. And afraid to be rejeected once i am ready to date again.
Having a lot going on in life and school and feeling very stressed.
My boyfriend is having a serious cancer surgery this week. I am very scared.
I was in a complicated relationship with a girl I really loved. She told me she needed space and did not want to talk much then 3 days later she told me that we were done. This came out of nowhere and was shocking. It left me very sad and depressed.
I broke up with someone I believe is my soulmate
I just feel sad and it is hard to get my mind focused on anything. I am overwhelmed by the current state of the world.
It is not well to do better information for gather with my friends and they irritated me.
I lost my grandmother to COVID in March and I still feel the sadness weighing down on me.
I was homeless. I had to leave a place I loved. It was mentally a bad state.
I am looking for more online jobs. but it is hard to find.
I am always in the mood of depression. I thought every thing going to be happen to me in wrong way
I have to find a higher paying job but it has been a while since I worked full time.
I feel like my employees are working against me.
Just the overall effect from the virus on the season and seclusion.
I recently made a mistake at work that I could get in trouble for, and I am nervous to approach my manager about my mistake.
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
I just broke up with my boyfriend. I am really depressed and lonely now.
I have a father who i love a lot. Since he is old, I have made him move in with me. I take a lot of care of him - even financially. But, if i fall ill, he does not even bother asking me. I feel extremely sad with his behavior.
I am divorced and my kids live most of time with my ex wife in another state. I do not know what to do when I am in the depressed mood I feel so down in the dumps thinking of my kids. My ex wife tells them lies about me saying I left them. I came to Tennessee when I found out my mom had cancer and I got out of the military.
Since getting a new job I feel like I'm constantly trying to prove myself. I measure myself against other people and just don't feel I'm good enough I'm having a real issue with my confidence at the moment
I am currently unemployed and I worry about my financial situation due to the ongoing pandemic and the toll it is taking on the economy.
I recently lost my job and I am worried that i will not able to pay my bills. This situation is making me anger.
I have a lot of homework and work, and thinking of the future is very stressful, I am not sure how to plan all my work and handle everything.
I have so much credit card debt and don't know how I am going to pay it off
my dog died recently
I am drinkin beers almost every day
I need to make more money right now to support myself, But I love my job and I am scared to leave it. And start over.
I've suffered from depression since I was a teenager.
Just failed a huge test in my class and may not graduate this semester
I am a mother of two and I have been a stay at home, homeschooling mom since Covid hit last year. Can hardly make ends meet.
My friend is selfish and talks too much on the phone. It is annoying.
When one partner feels that the other isn't fulfilling a requirement, Wadley says, it's important to communicate that. If that person's partner isn't willing to try harder to fulfill that need, it's probably time to move on, she says Tell your BF or GF that you want to talk about something important. Start by mentioning something you like or value about the other person. ... Say what's not working (your reason for the break-up). ... Say you want to break up
My girlfriend of ten years run away on our wedding day
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
I have been overloaded with school work recently. I failed my first exam earlier this week and I am stressed and anxious about my exams later in the week.
Having been having panic attacks more often now that we are in quarantined
Girlfriend has an illness that keeps me guessing all the time
I broke up with my romantic partner because the relationship was going really badly. I know it was the right thing for me to do, but now I am incredibly lonely and have no one to go to.
i c ant beleive how some of my friends voted
COVID-19. has me needing people more.
The ongoing pandemic. My husband I like to travel and planned that for our retirement years. I feel we have lost a whole year already and only have taken one trip. We usually do 5-8 trips each year.
I have gained about 30 pounds in the last twoyears. I am very unhappy with how I look and I actively avoid food and wait until I am about to pass out to eat. Yesterday, the first time I ate was at 7pm.
the current pandemic
My partner broke up with me and I'm really upset about this we've been together for 4 years and all of a sudden they decided that they didn't want to continue the relationship
I feel as if i was not good enough for him because he cheated on me. I feel as if a part of me is missing
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. I WANT TO ACHEIVE SOMETHING IN MY LIFE. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS AND ALSO I THINK ABOUT IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO. SO THIS MAKES ME DEPRESSED PERSON AND EVEN I CAN'T TALK WITH MY FRIENDS WELL
Car accident led to traumatic brain injury and PTSD having nightmares 2x a week.
I can't go on a day without having a glass of alcohol
I am deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend or not because we are fighting a lot
My partner is abusing me for not earning money..I feel like ending my life instead of all the abuses being faced in life.
Had an issue with my wife concerning my drinking habits where she complained that I had of late been drinking soo much. There was a confrontation that almost led to a breakup and now we are not talking. The situation is serious
lots of problems happening in my life so many family issues
I broke up with my boyfriend and that really depressed me because we have been together for like a long time. I feel very sad and alone. I actually feel like I can't go on with it.
I just was told that I ma out of a job as of January 15th. I am going to get paid for those two weeks in January that I won't be with the company.
no money and cant find work
I am alone and have no friends.
I just lost my job and I know it won't be easy to find another good one and everyone will think I'm a failure.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
My friend Rick is a jerk. He's got an awesome new Corvette that he brags about constantly knowing full well I ADORE Corvettes, want one badly, and can't afford one. We've been friends for a long time but he insists on rubbing this in my face every chance he gets! He thinks it's funny. I'm wondering if I should just not be friends with him anymore...
I had some recent car trouble and the problem has gotten worse. It has caused the mechanic bill to get bigger and bigger and I don't know how I am going to pay for it.
i don't understand the course
I miss my friends during this COVID-19 pandemic.
The pandemic has made me depressed. My life feels out of control.
I really blew it with my girlfriend, so she left me right before Christmas.
Christmas is coming up and I've been having a terrible time finding a job.
The holiday season has me down
freind is a drunk and nobody told her besides me now she is mad at me
I do gig work and haven't had much employment since the pandemic started. Loss of money has me down.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I have been feeling very lonely and depressed.
My industry has been shut down since March due to covid-19 and I've been struggling to find work that is safe for me to do (I have asthma and a blood disorder that compromises my immune system), haven't had any success with unemployment and really just very stressed about money.
My parents are always telling me I should be disciplining my children differently. Things are different than when they raised us.
I had my heart set on a Veterinary Technology program at a particular school and I just found out that I won't be able to apply in time. I feel like I have to reassess my future plans.
My was recently fired from my job and I am very stressed
I have a co worker that keeps going behind my back and trying to get things done without me knowing it.
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
A build up of things over time, and some recent things
I am qualified for a promotion but my boss won't promote me
I have been left out of 2 Christmas party's. My friends have posted photos on Facebook but I was not invited. Now I feel like I am not as close to my friends and they only want me around to help them with problems not really for friendship.
I am afraid of how my parents will react when I tell them that I am not going to attend the holidays
I was going to marry my girlfriend but she broke up with me a prior to proposing for an unknown reason.
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
My child has so much homework every day and despite working for hours still is struggling every night. I'm so nervous for her and want to see her succeed.
I am worried about losing my job due to COVID
I miss seeing my friends
Constant feeling that I might be laid off. I really like my job and it pays good. I have a family and cannot afford to lose job. It will be super hard for me to find new job. I just never know then and if I get laid off. I work in cruise industry and it has been few tough months.
SO many things I don't know where to begin, but I'm empty inside for sure.
I'm stressed about my final grades and ongoing pressure to do well academically. I don't know how to motivate myself, as I'm too afraid of the outcome.
Trying to complete my senior year
I've been really struggling lately with how much everything has changed during the pandemic. the holidays don't feel the same
I don't have enough money to buy my kids christmas gifts.
My partner broke up with me and I'm really upset about this we've been together for 4 years and all of a sudden they decided that they didn't want to continue the relationship
I'm in depression because my exam is near and i can't finish my studies
I lost my 9 -5 job last week, and it makes me feel anxious and fearful, because the pandemic is a serious tough time, and losing a ob in this period is scary
I find it hard to get motivated, I suffer from low mood and don't know how to get out of this.
no specific event to describe
I got a bad grade on a paper
Growing up with a drunk father and having him beat me until I was 16.
Depressed due to a breakup
alcoholism
Loneliness. Just tired of being alone and feeling isolated. This is the time of year when family gatherings happen, but I live alone.
My friends took some money as loan but they are unable to return.
General depression made worse by the severity of the pandemic.
No money to celebrate christiamass
Friends that I used to trust and they broke up the trust.
Loss of job and the pandemic
I was heart broken for 6 months and hoping to heal my broken heart. I feel sad, depressed and sleepless nights.
It has been hard to fall asleep at night
My husband keeps putting me down and calling me names
I have a ton of tests and projects all due very soon and it is during a time in which I had not seen any friends and am feeling down. I feel very overwhelmed and sad.
sleep problems with over depression have adverse effects cognitive and behavioral functions.
related to the current pandemic
my boss cut my pay to save his bonus this year
I'm in depression because my kids not listen to me.
I just lost my job and am worried about paying the bills.
This time is too hard for me fine a jobs which require me to search and get pay for unemployment.
impending academic deadlines
It is finals week and i have a lot to do. I have been having bad dreams about my grades and future.
It started during my childhood, when I was 9 years old, living my father. He had a bad temper and was impatient with me, especially with school. He would raise his voice at me and get physical when I didn't do well in classes. After the age of 10, I ended up living with my mother but I would spend most of my time with my friends because I enjoyed their company more than anything. I started to hate dealing with school because I felt I wouldn't be able to do well in school; I started to get anxiety from dealing with tests and it gotten bad to the point where I couldn't really stay in crowded place as well. Today, I still try my best to tolerate going to college and do my best in classes even when my anxiety comes back.
co workers seem to ignore me and don't say hello, i feel unwanted
I will be losing my job in January. I am very worried about looking for another one at this time.
sleep problems with over depression have adverse effects cognitive and behavioral functions.
Everything was going crazy in the world with COVID. I was worried about my daughter and her education. Then suddenly, I lose a lot of my hours at work and have to quit one of my jobs due to the virus and becoming her main caretaker again. This really makes me nervous because the price of everything is continually going up and I have little excess money to spend.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
I am currently going through a divorce from an abusive, lying, narcissist. He has taken my kids from me by making false claims. I haven't seen them in months. My daughter is 4 and my son is 2. I miss them so much.
I am afraid of receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I feel that worried about my finances as I am tapping into my savings to feel afloat.
My boyfriend and I recently broke up due to our long-distance relationship and the impact COVID-19 has had on the travel industry.
My two friends are shaming me for not donating more per year to charities. One of them is the President of a local non-profit.
ongoing depression every day . It s hard to even get out of bed
My depression is getting worse and worse due to this pandemic. I feel like things will turn for the worse in my life.
My boyfriend left me for another person. I loved him so much, and I just can't seem to get over him
I am so mad that my boyfriend broke up with me because I cheated on him once. He has cheated on me many times and I never broke up with him.
I am did not able to return my normal life. I am very depressed. I haven't close friends so I feel very lonely.
recently i lost my job
I've lost my job due to layoffs and have a mountain of debt to pay off. Not sure where I will get the funds. I'm worried I will lose my car and even my house.
years of drug abuse, cheating, fighting , and outside children, family meddling and all the lies and homelessness have cost me much anguish and now that we are gtting a divorce, i am sad for all the time wated. and even though i have years of sobriety since the day i walked out on the katrina tail, i feel like smoking again and pray i don' start to drink to relieve this feeling i have, do you have any suggestions that would help me?
My friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from Covid.
finals
Trying to find a job
I am having worries about an old test I failed in university. It didn't affect my academic future and I passed the class with an A, but it still haunts me.
I have been self-isolating since March which has made my chronic depression worse than ever. I live alone and have not touched another human being in all that time.
I have finals coming up soon and I also have a lot of other stuff going on in my life and I am very stressed.
I left my husband 2 years ago. I regret it but it's too late to go back. I am grieving what I lost and regretting my choice, and want to get over this, to resolve my depression.
My children's father and I have broken up after 15 years together with 4 children due to cheating and an extra baby. I am highly disgusted and want nothing to do with him at all.
My boyfriend was disrespectful. he went ahead to cheat on me with the particular girl i warned him about seeing. he lied about it even after being caught and tried to emotionally blackmail me with it still.
I just feel generally down.
I drank too much and don't remember what happened last night.
Recently divorced my husband of eight years after finding out he married another women overseas.
My industry shut down due to Covid-19 and I am currently seeking work but very financially behind and stresed about it.
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
I found out that my boyfriend had been lying to me about his entire life, and so the future that he had said we were building towards was all but impossible. I'm trying to figure out if I should stay with him.
Had addiction that lead to time in prison. Recently released but things are not falling in place. General anxiety disorder.
Covid 20 is now in situation.This makes me fear.We couldnt predict our future.
I have always felt like this. I am so sad.
I lost my job 4 month ago and I am running out of money.
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
I always make my goals ealry and every so often before an breakthrough I make the best cut I can get. I want to make myself less suscepatable to self sabotage and intrusions.
I lost my job due to COVID-19 , Now I am searching for the new job , not yet selected.
My girlfriend of ten years run away on our wedding day
This Covid thing is really getting me depressed.
Trying to complete my senior year
My husband and I are very close to a divorce and neither one of us wants it to happen but we can not get along.
i talk with my friendship
I can't figure out why my friends don't understand why I want to keep a bit distant during COVID
Really dislike my job in this current environment and would like to try online sales
My friend is a good friend of mine but he is not a suitor as in I would not want to marry or date him but my fiance still gets bothered by me talking to him. I don't talk to him anymore but can't see why he still considers it microcheating even if I don't talk about our relationship.
I found my mom murdered on the side of her house
I have been procrastinating on my senior thesis, and the pending deadline is making me extremely nervous and on-edge.
I was dating this guy for about a month or so, and everything had been going well. It was my first relationship in a long time. All of a sudden, he ghosted me. No explanation. I was left thinking that I'm not built to be in a relationship.
constant fighting
i have an exam coming up and i have not studied and its too late to cover the course work
I broke up with my boyfriend and that really depressed me because we have been together for like a long time. I feel very sad and alone. I actually feel like I can't go on with it.
My partner broke up with me and I'm really upset about this we've been together for 4 years and all of a sudden they decided that they didn't want to continue the relationship
My boyfriend just left me after 3 years of living together. I am so depressed, I don’t know what to do. I feel worthless.
Having a lot going on in life and school and feeling very stressed.
i just broke up with my girlfriend last week. I found her cheating
related to the current pandemic
I'm sad a lot because I don't like the life I live.
my family is very superficial and they can't connect authentically with me
i hate my life everything that couldve went wrong did and no matter how i bounce back i kept getting pulled back into my depression stages
covid no work
We group of friends had decided to go on a tour to somewhere for fun and enjoy. We have been talking on similar topics and then only had an idea to go on a tour. We planned for the dates and the city to go, but not the places of visit. There started the difference. Once we had gone to the city and discussed for places, everyone was having a different interests to visit. We were not able to fix a kind of place. Every kind was displeasing to the other and there was not a pure enjoyment. Everyone was to anger of the other.
staying at home with kids and stopping outside work
My new supervisor hates me. She already hated me before she was my boss. In addition to being a terrible manager, she has made a personal goal to inhibit my ability to do my job. She has taken from me all parts of my job that I value. This upsets me personally and I am sad & angry that the rest of my team, who I care about, is no longer supported. We have no recourse to solve this problem.
Every day is a struggle, I wake up feeling hopeless, and I am having really bad anxiety attacks that I can't calm down from.
My mothers new husband has just died f corona virus last week. He was a deacon in church and she was only married 10 months when he died. On top of this she also caught the virus but came through it unharmed. She was able to be in the same room as him before they let her go from the hospital so she was able t say goodbye. Still, this is so devastating.
I am drinkin beers almost every day
I am depressed staying home due to COVID
I live with my ex and he's having a break down and my current boyfriend lives far away and is struggling with addiction and money problems. I feel constantly worn down.
I have naturally suffer from clinical depression
Well when I was 19 years old; my mom, my brothers and I went to spend the weekend at my grandmother's house. My grandmother's boyfriend took advantage of me on the night and started touching me. I couldn't say anything, cause he threatened me with killing my family if I talked.
I've been studying very hard for this class, but I have been performing very poorly. This is the first time I have done this bad and I just feel so incompetent. Nothing I do seems to work.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I am not performing as well as I would like to in school. It is causing me stress just to keep up
Well I guess it's not really a break up, my boyfriend got killed in a car accident coming up on 3 years ago in January.
It is finals week and i have a lot to do. I have been having bad dreams about my grades and future.
I am trying to complete my Master's degree while having to help my children learn virtually because of the pandemic. Managing my time has not been easy.
I have been laid out for not performing. But the acutal situation is the customer was satisfied my service. But the expectation of the management was not to do that.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
I am having real trouble sleeping and it's bring me down so much.
I'm worried I will never find love again and I'm not getting any younger
I broke up with a guy. I still talk to him. He might want me back-not sure. There is another guy who is interested in me now, However he's going through a divorce and keeps putting off seeing me.
Me and my girlfriend had a big fight and she admitted to sleeping with her ex.
the current pandemic
covid no work
My friend borrowed money from me and she did not return it in the time that we agreed.
My wife of 6 years decided one day last week she wanted to end things. This comes after finding out we cannot have anymore children. So its a combination of the 2.
my friend's boyfriend stole my nintendo switch.
My youngest sister is battling with heroin addiction, and I am raising her two children.
I need to make more money to pay off my credit cards.
I have a horrible professor that has not adapted to technology well for COVID. There is one week left and he just assigned a major lab to do at home out of nowhere.He's also horrible at communicating.
Removed from my job - apparently only because of my age - no longer doing meaningful work.
The person who I thought was my best friend and who is God mother to my child, stabbed me in the back. She knew that I was in an emotionally abuse relationship yet she disclosed information to my partner that could have cost me my life or put my life at risk.
My partner is abusing me for not earning money..I feel like ending my life instead of all the abuses being faced in life.
I messed up, my girl friend got pregnant two months to my wedding with my fiancée wedding
My (ex)fiancé and I recently broke up, but we're still spending a great deal of time together, and we both say we're not sure if our relationship is 100% "done" and agreed to tell each other if we start dating other people. He said he doesn't want to see anyone else, but I came over one night to find him with a woman. It was their third date.
I am worried that I might lose my job due to the ongoing pandemic and I do not know how I will cope.
can't find a job/path in life
I am break up with my girl friend she love other one because that guy better than me he's very rice and got lot of money. She's breaking up with me and she slapped me.
Every few nights at nighttime, I get severely depressed and I don't know why
I have been having issues with my children since the pandemic started. I feel overwhelmed with work, home, children, distance learning and no help and have been responding with anger.
I am isolated due to covid and don't see the situation getting better any time soon.
I have been having issues with my children since the pandemic started. I feel overwhelmed with work, home, children, distance learning and no help and have been responding with anger.
one of my friends cheated on her boyfriend.
I have 6 finals that are coming up soon, and i need to do well in order to have a good GPA for medical school
I have been feeling lost and directionless and I feel like I'm a waste of time and space. I don't know what to do with my life and I hate myself.
the pandemic
Trying to get my own small crafting business off the ground.
nothing i do pleases my boss
i am not abke to find work for over 6 months
I'm so worried about breaking up with my boyfriend that I'm shaking.
My beautiful Daughter is married to a man that does not treat her well. Gas-lights her continiually. This has rubbed off on their 5 year old daughter.
My hours at work are reduced due to the coronavirus pandemic. I am unhappy in my role and I am stressed.
For the last few weeks everything is an effort. I just can't get motivated. Why clean the house it will just get messed up again and no one else cares. I feel bad for my dog I don't even take him for walks anymore. Things that usually cheer me up or make me happy just seem pointless. No matter how hard I try I get nowhere. I just want to sleep until these feelings go away if they ever do
Ilost my home when my partner died. He had changed the will and I didn't know.
Currently in college and 21, at this cross roads in my life and I just feel lost and unmotivated. I barely know who I am and the things I used to enjoy are a lot harder to get myself to do. I barely have any friends, and yea things just seem a lot less fun.
I can't stand him!!!
After Covid too much work pressure so to much work tension so i am getting anger
I am overwhelmed with housework and I’m ashamed of the house
Me and my friend got into an argument and are not in speaking terms
I was striving for a job after doing bachelors and then covid-19 happened and things did not go like I planned. Now i am jobless and its huge Concern for me and made me feel like a useless person most of the time.
My boyfriend got involved with someone else and it looks like he prefers that person over me.
I have had six people die this month, and I have been quarantined for 5 weeks with COVID-19.
my club is giving me a fuck headache, I cannot do without Arsenal but they are fucking up on a big time
I fear my depression is getting worse. This pandemic is taking a toll on me.
quitting my job last year because of mental healthy
My husband decided to quit his job for 2 weeks, and we weren't able to get unemployment. Now he's laid off for the season right before Christmas. The teenagers are out of control, and I feel like the one person I want to give Christmas too, my toddler, is the one suffering because of all this.
Constantly arguing with my best friend, we never see eye to eye on important things on my life.
I feel working with all these anti mask wearing people Im going to catch more than COVID. I think im going to catch Ebola.
